You know that what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany -- it 's generally something that you fell somewhere .
You just have to turn on the block to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the very complicated kind of circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
When they beat up to bleed every week in the kids ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life as I allowed her to go into the teachers ' room .
I was making it secret .
for three years .
And I had to leave the city .
I had a thumb , and it had 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations who were fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm aware that adults never get to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we charge her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as a woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he became a box of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about in the present itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> my <unk> around the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't think it was a snowflake about another snowflake about another snow after year .
<unk> are born when they are off of the glaciers , or break down the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and they hold hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more , and they become a kind of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you look at a eardrum , that you are isolated and alone , as much as we see ourselves as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As a eardrum is melting , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum is melting water in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I walk close to photograph these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way , and they will not exist again .
It 's not the death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way for the life cycle .
Part of the <unk> ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's gradually going to come to see a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a bowhead iceberg , the average size .
They 're about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so just just by just just saying , the eardrum shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want to get arrested in the details of conception , because if you stop it to think about conception itself , you 're not going to pay attention to me .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and sperm joins into the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome from the egg .
Both of them turn on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my ground activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the anatomy of anatomy .
I 'm an historian for training , and what I study in this case is the way people came to the anatomy -- -- human bodies and <unk> , how they 've looked at the body fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate , as I say sometimes , advocate restless of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside the same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with atypical sex , individuals whose physical typology do n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of forms .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that does n't fit into a male or female forms .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY whose chromosome gene from chromosome and says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life that become testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
And as a consequence , the body develops to go into a course of female spending .
When you 're born , the baby has a little bit of a girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And so often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast breast , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think that this is a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I think a typical woman -- does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles , who has <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; he had girlfriend , and sex relations with her , he had a life as a boy and he had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an awful way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I had the 20th chromosomes and the womb <unk> glands were so active that , in essence , they created a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were exposed to the hormone component , typically the male component .
He was born as a child ; no one suspected anything .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by transitional menstruation , when the doctors found that , in fact , she was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with planetary chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know how well that happens .
So , there are many sex varieties .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are going <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgery is not so much to be able to make a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go to various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black wants to say to have African anatomy .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you show a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that we have about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born like two people within a body .
The ultimate case is the past year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; it stood in cloth for his sex Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to wonder , `` What 's a test are going to do to determine whether you 're a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are who we draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , more we have to admit that these categories were that we thought were stable anatomical categories that were reported directly with stable categories -- they 're much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also , in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
And as we see , we get into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What do you know from the fact that they were <unk> in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get increasingly in an awkward area in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles in the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the <unk> .
Now , there are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the envelope that someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
Like a lot of a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved it still , I did n't know it .
If it stopped moving through it .
But today we can , for example , to extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of really telling the death of somebody , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion explosion could be celebrating someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
They would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
It 's <unk> from the concept of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of Founding Founding Founding .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , that I find each so much looking at that <unk> musical `` 1776 '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Founding .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy , and I explained why .
What they 'd been rejected was a anatomic concept , and we would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful , and it stayed for 200 years .
And as they all remember , what we 'd been rejected with our Founding Founding , was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power came out by the <unk> of the father and the father , and then the son and so on .
Founding Founding Founding that idea , and they replaced it by a new anatomical concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They set up the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the differences in anatomy , that was very radical .
And they were partly doing it because they were part of a picture of a picture system that were happening two things .
It was happening to democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding Founding , that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of power power transmitted by a vague idea of birth .
They were moving into a naturalist concept .
And if you look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talked about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And then we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundation of the future Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then it came the success of the Civil Rights movement with the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that are <unk> the anatomical coincidence on anatomical difference and again they succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to hang on to anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old were supposed to have sex or get married .
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep meaning .
Well , let 's go back to those two selves at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on the term : one of March of 1980 .
For the only fact that he was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different age , but because they were born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man -- if I do n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> of the Mary who Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , on his hand , does n't have the same rights marriage than Henry in every state , for example .
Henry can be married in every state with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still persist categories that are in many ways and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went forward in the field of the anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time , I feel like science escapes from us .
Where are we going ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are caught in a rare position .
For example : Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome Y to get married with a woman , and to marry a woman , you have to chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test tests to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` Choice to team '' `` I Have America '' offers a solution .
It says that we should be judging people , `` based on not the color of your skin , but the content of your character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm going to be able to do this in order to give me rights to people , because I have to admit that I know a few <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them , I know , can make more informed , informed and mature decisions about their sex relationships that people of 40 I know .
So how do we put the theme of the subject of character ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to drive this current thing in relation to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who is attracted to other men is susceptible to other men who are susceptible to being killed , unless he 's willing to abide a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made birth twins <unk> and then pick it out and grow their fame .
But when the phone asked him , I was asking the reason for the operation , a very <unk> operation , he replied that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and so he had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The U.S. offers huge possibilities for people to be who are without <unk> to change the state of the state .
So I think we need to be the head .
Well , to finish , I mean I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had increased the <unk> .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and I think there may be different ideas from different emphasize , in particular , in particular if there are people thinking about a group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to deal with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
A years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was interested in feminism <unk> , as <unk> made me a strange thesis .
`` Tell me what 's got to fuck the feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female to feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about his question , it 's more like there 's some female to feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male who makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Founding fathers were very attentive and find a way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , to have even more Mothers to this concept , perhaps we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : think less on the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do about the other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go to live and work , have the chance to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't count on a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth much more than their cost of building .
So we could easily destroy the world , perhaps hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's just done by building buildings of apartments .
So imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , and they were owners , and the other half is still not the absolute absence of it .
They could try to increase the ability to increase in all of existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings , and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , and you could build a completely new apartment building , always and when the norms of that place built the construction instead of putting tenure .
So I proposed that governments will develop new enough reform areas to contain cities , and I gave them a <unk> cities .
Later I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> were imposed with a platform in which I promise and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked them to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of trials with users , I tried to reduce this very complicated concept of cities that were very essential to its most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those norms that say you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like standards for progress , and usually it 's the norms that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City , and look at it .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a <unk> city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and a choice so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for us to move forward .
He asked me to be <unk> , and I 'd talk about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is to see at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everyone <unk> politely .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I 've got it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the gist -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could go that could be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it would also include new choices for leaders .
Because civil leaders leaders would need help from countries associated , they could benefit from countries associated with them to establish the charter of the charter , so that they could all be trusted , so that they could all meet the charter .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could just take a little bit of a thousand square kilometers .
And soon after , on the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement to allow them to create these special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , voting in Congress , in favor of this constitutional amendment , was volunteering for one .
All of the parties , all the factions in society , got them really .
To <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , he passed over again in another voting , from 114 one .
Immediately after voting , from 21 to February 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in participating in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than downtown Boston .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting permission .
The other , interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're setting up a legal system that would allow managers to come , and then the ability to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate court court for this new justice system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to go get a job ; sometimes they 're mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to them to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends asked me to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photographing and publish my blog blog and colorful and different for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is <unk> <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm at the end to meet people <unk> -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and my appearance is unique ; and buy it into my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
I will be about my size ?
Would the color like color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what 's going to bring someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
And that 's exactly a week . It 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I imagined it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after coming here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know about the woman who 's walking through TED underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned from this adventure to not use new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is a brilliant tiger .
You do n't spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see you just for less than 50 dollars .
All of the whole , including the jacket , and it cost me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , too .
<unk> : <unk> of the kid you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people say to me that it seems to be used to <unk> , or I remember at your little <unk> .
I like <unk> and saying , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : trust is the key .
If you think that you see you well with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably also true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal fact six words for you : The golden squares go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week , simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is obviously not going to get into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , I 'm going to give home all .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things emotionally , because around the corner , there will always be another <unk> , colorful , brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint for our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where do you blow your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a huge fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not to be mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physical physicists , we need quite a rationale for <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need some intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
There 's a intuition that you can have developed over the years of the years is that one thing can be just in a place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , it developed .
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking lot .
I was a little kid , and I did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet the game with that bar of parking is taught a valuable lesson , and that is that big things wo n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a physicist of particles .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking plates , they play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not very much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles continue the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to scale it a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here 's a very big approach to little metal metal .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard shape , and it <unk> <unk> on a platform .
And so I did this almost in the same way you 're going to do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to do this hole in a way of swimming swimming that is underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of <unk> objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave about quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
Let 's give you the lights , then we introduced a vacuum , and pulled all the air down , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than one degree .
Now , by being only on the elevator , the little bit of metal is free of acting like it .
So we measure their movement .
We discovered that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way it was <unk> was like a breathing of this form -- as a bellows that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth drive , we could make it <unk> and that we do n't have to do it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line line .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
But it was the pity penalty in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my kind of logic that speaks .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do your consciousness work if your body was staying in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat them up , and we turned the lights , and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just <unk> in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define you who you are . And that 's the deep oddity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And so 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss that it 's here and it allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Lots of negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 beautiful museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining just on this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education -- I do n't know , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So , when I started traveling and go to museum , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
I 'd better show you the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So just : Let 's go to <unk> .
Look around all the museums that are there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do that -- very simple .
And we click it , and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay , or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the upper plane , and with one click , we jumped into .
They 're inside , that you want to go at the end of the hallway .
You go ahead . You know , it 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the gold + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there ; but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you actually get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression is no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that kids were actually playing something .
I did research a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a stick with a stick on the Tuesday last Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even deeper into even further , and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to remove the image , so you 'll see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another favorite of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and actually does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online creating your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we walked into , and I created this function that I call `` The Power of the zooming , '' -- we just circling around .
It 's about their ambassadors at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these master 's masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your work of art and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going into a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm an Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture of your bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that something really interesting happened in the racing racing in the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a career of Formula 1 , I took a budget and you 'll get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you won the career .
This is what , in engineering , we 've got control control system in real time .
It 's basically a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities in the last few years have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going back in the open computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened for and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As one note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's crust , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Paola <unk> for late year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the atoms were going into sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outdoor environment .
It 's almost like in the old <unk> of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo carved out the Moses , he said that at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it into Moses -- -- you can still see a little bit of a dent in it , and he said , `` Do you <unk> ? '' -- why do n't you talk ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer in the summer of 2006 .
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I finally won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by observing activity in the network .
Here 's the city .
You see the <unk> in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the afternoon , there are people over here and there doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> , people do a call , and they go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time <unk> .
First time , a second one .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yes !
That night everybody went to celebrate .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , since the Roman time , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city rate in a way that we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : It 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash into its shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
And then we put a little chip , a tag on the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results out .
From Seattle ...
And after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
There are hard things going on , and there 's lots of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> not disappears , it 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle <unk> a day is still there .
So if we show that to people , then we will be able to promote any behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part of the beginning , which is an application on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology be , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , is imagine that they have a trunk and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> that open and closes .
It 's created like a curtain ball , the pixels of water .
If you fall missing the pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it .
And they set up a commission to design the building to the initial entry .
We call it the Digital Water algorithm .
The entire building is made of water .
There 's no windows or windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not they have been demolished , but when it gets down almost the entire architecture , it 's gone .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going through what 's going on inside .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet when you test the sensors that open the water open .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building , because the way we have changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open up to leave you , but a building that was still making cuts and water holes , and you had to jump in not getting wet .
And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use people to give our designs to our designs .
But then reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , which moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible display like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play a different guy .
Imagine the screen appear in different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixels of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in and go through and see from very different angles .
This is the actual controlled <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the <unk> dancers of today , the <unk> of New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as entry for the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , you see it in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D <unk> , like motion capture .
You can <unk> all the movement .
You can go through the entire path .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could be able to get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm , like the barn farming , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last couple of years is that , in the last two decades , we spent from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , of the self-organizing , networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may be that we wanted to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people engaged in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particles cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but the pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb in , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital beacon at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a number of changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure .
How about living more good health ?
Or maybe they 're from those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Audience : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Few . It was probably due to the number of creative people .
That 's really good .
How many would you choose the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , the majority . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the <unk> <unk> Church , wrote an essay titled `` Nothing in biology makes sense except the light of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most interesting thing .
<unk> of a common ancestor with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; but it 's the same protein , the same protein , that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take our intestine more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio 's raises the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without effort to your part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria to the occasional disruption of a <unk> rush .
But , by all , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest nutrients essential , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future balance ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a little compass -- the animal kingdom , like one and unique <unk> , and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 're enjoyed .
When I had just <unk> college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided , and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes in the scene of sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess to you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that moment , but with every year I was spending more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , which was even performing in Las Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a wonderful light dancer in front of him .
He looks at it and says , `` I came for a <unk> soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to get healthy .
I wanted to recover the health in the disease .
I wanted to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is going to move the genome into the next generation ; we adapt and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level , and then we let the sea fall down .
I think we all understand the feeling that puts Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily excite longevity .
It does n't necessarily benefit the bigger or the stronger or even the more intelligent people .
Evolution encourages the creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish divided to the vacuum , yet they 've managed to make that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- and I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of equilibrium .
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that it would be adapted to us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we got so much that it 's not possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution .
A second possibility is that there is a evolution of the traditional , natural , imposed by forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of insulation , when we kind of reduce distant planets , there are the isolation , and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
And I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but we take it and take for us as individuals in the decisions we 're going to take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First to think about the reality that many people today , in some cultures , they 're making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not only sex of their offspring , but in their own body , to make genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to get rid of diabetes or Alzheimer 's diabetes or reduce the risk of cancer or the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued .
It 's <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being finished , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a very close to $ 20,000 and a week .
Not too much to be able to make a reality human genome for 1,000 and being more and beyond reach .
The changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in course with the agricultural flu vaccine against cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine only another two little changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or to change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who do n't want to be healthier ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease , will also allow us to adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings watching everything if you could <unk> with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that will allow us to run faster and more distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions of hand this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it at 1,000 years , and maybe it happened within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren ' grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these options on <unk> for a better , more successful , more thoughtful ?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And most of all : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or worse , and before you think about what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at <unk> feet .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about with flight assistants .
So he immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot crossed the Hudson River .
And usually that 's not the route .
He <unk> the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and with no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three words that I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and I did n't do , all the fences I wanted to have , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person 's there , I 'll open it up .
I do n't want to break anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is when I was <unk> the George Washington bridge , which was n't very much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , with my mistakes , I 've been trying to improve all I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I 've wasted on things that did n't matter to people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> on that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels of wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock is <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water coming in .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying not frightening .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going on in a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still , and I scream , cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the reason to be the reason for the world .
And at that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another way .
You 're flying up today , the challenge you can imagine that the same is going on on your plane -- and please do n't -- but how do you change , and how do I change ?
What they would do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would its relationships change and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he arrived at his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel pins in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is a intricate thing we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , Tony , and their cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that you could see Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're an important person , and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are they communicating then ? ''
Does anybody see the movie `` Will <unk> and butterfly '' ?
They communicate that way -- they 're taking the finger with the finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check and instead signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I pledged with her brother and his father there at the very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make her art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside you ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research , '' which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw on that and recorded the negative space .
So they go out there making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
They start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and in the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a life cycle in his presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year after a year , after a lot of organization , and a lot to move things aside from one side to another we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of insurance companies and we get a machine so that I could communicate it could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call it <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing that we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world , all the <unk> of the <unk> of our house .
My wife , children and I , we moved into the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> , and they took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we did something totally stupid , and that when <unk> would have taken out the squares of the walls and in place , it would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went on to the space ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap Sun glasses that we bought in the empty ride in Venice , some copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it on a light LED light , and there 's now a device that 's free -- and it builds yourself ; we published the code that 's <unk> for free .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital who can say `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of somebody else , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , high weeks of all night , Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the park outside the hospital .
And he turned it back to his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bursting into the parking lot , so we felt as if we were doing the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was in seven years .
I felt like I had been underwater , and someone finally came to <unk> and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some ways that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a runaway virus .
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are doing money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards went , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
I tweeted I tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized as one of the top 50 inventions , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up about closing the <unk> is that in April this year in April of Brazil in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , <unk> nothing was possible at some point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something and <unk> me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find ourselves with something that we feel that we need to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations generally very difficult and as long as long as time .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous .
It was in the zones of war , difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- funny to the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been bugging myself in situations in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to try and look at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully it 's analyzing a way that you see fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and patronage , I wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered them in selling the rights of the name of my TEDTalk .
What was the next thing : `` <unk> your <unk> <unk> : My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content I might be able to do it on the face , especially if I put it into ridicule you or your company when you do that .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
Lots of .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew someone was going to buy the name of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you about it .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , from advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've gotten into horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could be so difficult or as dangerous as you get into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I tried to try from the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film were financed with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to be called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest film ever sold '' is that everything up at the bottom , in the beginning , has a brand for marks , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> Andrew , the <unk> Center ...
These people were <unk> to the film in perpetuity .
And so the film is exploring all of this idea . ( Michael <unk> : I mean , that 's hubris ) Is it what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) In perpetuity .
I 'm a redundant person . ( MK : Just say it . ) It was more emphasis .
It was `` oops . Good . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X-ray brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure that all the categories we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The biggest car you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you had , <unk> from `` The largest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , to make them <unk> that film ?
The goal of the film full is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , all of the beginning .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that -- that 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how sensitive people is going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a little bit -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is so <unk> , but you know how it 's going to happen ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ? ''
MS : One and a half million . ( DC : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meeting them , but it 's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the film comes out , let 's look like a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` No . ''
MS : But will be hard for selling , by the film or me ?
JK : Two things .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to treat .
MK : We have some places where they go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts down the camera , '' meant we have a conversation out of microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything from your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all these companies disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to present the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the whole media scenario , is not the idea of counting with that new vehicle worth of attention than going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a mistake that was <unk> and that error was this .
Actually , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been OK .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images of Google , Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen ; that 's kind of characterized by the visibility or accessibility information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the president , the claims , even the CEOs , even the CEOs .
But suddenly when it 's trying to make it reality , something changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency make -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
We had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said , `` No , we want to tell a story .
We want to tell a story , but what we want to tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me at some lie , and there he 's just looking at me as <unk> , saying , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years old -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take the buffer and go to the businesses myself .
So what I started to see suddenly -- and I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to business , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make a big Hollywood Hollywood movies , say the reason that their films are so successful , it 's because of the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who do independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically what 's going to do in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the periodic deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see you a little bit nervous .
I want to help you help you .
Maybe you should have a little bit of this before . ''
And there would give you one of these fabulous <unk> .
Whether `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman ; solid , <unk> , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller film that you actually had -- we 're more good a rival mark .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , reminding people is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe Ban ?
Ban on white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` fresh '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus smell and sweat .
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you fresh time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times as cool .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk <unk> ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I really like the dark colors , lots of gray things and things like that .
And usually I wear accessories like Sun glasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand for a brand , it might be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I would call it `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , in part of <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pet type .
It 's <unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because you make the commodities .
Man 5 : Man <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be marks Tom , but I often get involved at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in , like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case , they start out and start in my family , West Virginia .
`` What 's the next one you want to talk about ? ''
MS : The next is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who wants to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird stuff . I like things weird .
A : Tell me of the `` why '' -- what does that serve us ?
What 's the machete ? What phase is you find you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What does the red represents ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
-- a little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What else did you have ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot of madness .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality ; branding Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They 'd become very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies will only be stuck in one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both of them .
A lot of companies -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that they 're not secure ; they 're afraid they 're afraid , those elements , and you 're in reality these elements , and you make a good thing back to you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here at Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and branding , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is quite powerful .
MS : <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to take your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you more well a top-down attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
Weather attributes are like being playful as a fresh , contemporary , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold like <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant or mystic , profane , or mystic .
Or are you more well from attribute to downward ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're established , traditional , provider , protector ? -- `` Oprah ? ''
You 're reliable , stable , family , reliable , secure , moral , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , bottom-up and descending companies , that said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we came up to tell the story in this film of how we now use MRI to identify the desire centers in the brain so for marketing marketing as a film .
We went to St. Paulo where they 've banned air publicity .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no slope , nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are becoming the way in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer or that I 've been more successful is those I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did it go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance curriculum , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just covering a period of two weeks and a half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
He 's not even shown in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already started to win momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost every agencies that we talked about to protect their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk yourself , if you take risks , that you have opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , it 's pushing it to failure .
I think when you train your employees at the risk aversion is preparing your business to make a reward .
I feel like what 's going to happen to move forward is we need to encourage people to take chances .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I 'm going to move forward , I think we have to give it place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
I 'm afraid of the fear . Let 's give you the risk .
From one at a time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to move transparency .
Today more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And he said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , `` <unk> the Transparency , '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> is <unk> .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ dollars to be applied to my assistance for TED to the next year .
The idea behind the cybercrime scientist Stuxnet is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we manage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put a cash virus out of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started research about Stuxnet , six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part , the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That gave us the attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese , he smelled it , but he did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively looking for the gray box if it finds a specific setup , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the target is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than we 'll get the goal soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the code code , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one .
We also saw that they were highly <unk> <unk> people who obviously had all the internal information .
They 're going to get all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the close-up of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we were trying to reconnect with the real world , with potential goals in the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You ca n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them them and they asked them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was going to be able to do it slow and hunting in an obvious effort to go back to the nest engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to decipher the big digital <unk> looking at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get it apart .
I started investigating scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages .
And guess what did we find in the code code ?
So , an almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in my hands .
For no misunderstood , no misunderstood .
The results have been from several weeks of hard work .
That 's normally <unk> dead ends , and we had to start again .
And yet , we found that both of these digital warheads were going to be , and they would say , but from different angles .
<unk> is taking a waterfall and making these rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we are very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are going to be killed by Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is they intercept the input values for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors , and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is <unk> <unk> .
Is it great , huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just going to lie to the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the huge steam turbine is happening , you have to open valves out valves per millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're compromised , then they can get bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And you do n't have the <unk> and the security system you 'll see .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work as well , for example , in a power plant , or in a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker -- that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology for <unk> .
Let 's make it possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large number of goals .
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to make now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main thing behind this .
What 's your mind ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay . You really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My mind is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber <unk> .
There 's one single , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because in another way , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that 's going to take you and give them <unk> skills , or another one that causes your wheelchair users raise and go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not anything different from something that puts it in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help you , for example , drive balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connected with the universe and with other foreign objects .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , must take on their back a <unk> charge , and he 's pushing it to take even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic harm damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton that I can carry 90 pounds for variable grounds for many hours .
His flexible design , it allows you to be able to be able to crawl and running a big agility .
Let 's do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it goes up my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton this year .
So it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the car users of chairs , about what I 'm particularly passionate about .
It 's 68 million people about , in chairs of wheels , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is really a conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens frequently , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord , to start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years -- bumping into a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that gets older , very rapidly .
Her only option , many times -- by a brain injury , or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who is using Amanda <unk> who 19 had a spinal injury , and as a result , he could n't go back to walk for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on the crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries here that give the power to the motors , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this smooth , very natural way .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , for a stranger in the air , skiing costs down , paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sensation and everything of the pelvis move down .
Soon , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last amount of hope of my self .
The technology of adaptation since then has allowed me to learn how to <unk> it on <unk> , climbing rocks , even riding a hand bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of lawn chairs , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have my baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet his cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforests <unk> , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger the Bonobo survival .
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation make you not be able to fill in the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not safe about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter unseen , <unk> the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because life 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
Bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , and for them the game is critical to establish bonds and encourage tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game game , you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that was just from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game game ; I 'm not talking about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's <unk> it . ''
I just think that in this case he loves him , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual game is common both in bonobos .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing elements into the game -- like the <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are shorter , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the shock is being solved .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water that 's playing with you .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a more and harder world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
To successfully adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But is it going to be able to take the maximum game capability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When you look at the least play , it can be the moment that it 's most urgent .
So , primates , let 's embrace this gift of evolution and play together as we learn creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain a captain of volunteer fire .
And in our city , where volunteers are , the highly skilled staff has to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a racing race to the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , it was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that was certainly <unk> one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas and barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> up to the captain , and he asked her to go inside and save the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell the people who entered a building on fire to save a living , because she won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to be in the house .
I need to go up , put out the fire , and I bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hall , I went to the <unk> brigade that at the top of that height , and it 's going to turn off the fire , and I entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my burden on the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We take away from the house , the treasures for the house where , as it was to wait , his treasure got a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the <unk> of the <unk> of the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was that someone had ever gotten a pair of shoes .
So much of my vocation in Robin Hood , like in my calling as a voluntary fireman , I witnessed a total acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're doing , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's get it now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's lives .
So they trained the game ; he <unk> the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks they built in 1868 with a very simple idea , and that 's a very simple idea modules that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They 've been allowed to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at a time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , to LEGO came up with this .
It 's called the automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the LEGO brick came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Forgot it made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new block of construction .
The transistor was a little plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacked together with each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor enables us to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was only for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they connect together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong in a wrong way .
The bricks have a colored code .
The green is the <unk> , the blue is the current , the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one with a green one , and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
A blue one with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a button .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on it .
So we 've got this timbre to create more impact and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , to connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make it faster or slower , just a button tour , which makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to send them into bricks to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given children to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light at night , or why the door of an elevator gets open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without any experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have to <unk> by creating ...
So a few weeks ago , we led to the designers of the Rhode Island School designers , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> cannon , a movement cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> made of dough that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within reach of all .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can actually go to the website , download all of the design files and making it out .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk today about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is to get involved with the environment .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can -- we can keep the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , do you term the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like <unk> Peace .
We had a few members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They had great applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
You think about it .
It 's a hydrant in Boston .
Here 's what if you look at a quote , but what you really find is that someone will clean up when you 're trapped by snow because you know it 's not very good at turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year , we had a <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and in that time , it 's a very long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels right in front of them .
So he made any good programmer , he developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can take on a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean it when you 're <unk> .
When you do that , you put a name on it , and you put it in this case .
If you do n't do it , someone can <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21st applications that happen last year .
But it does something that no other technology of government does .
And it extends into viral form .
A responsible for the city systems in Honolulu by seeing this app realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to have <unk> .
It 's very important that these tsunami Sirens work , but people would steal the batteries .
That 's why it tells the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens sing blindfolded .
And Chicago 's just throwing it out to make people stay stay in order to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that you plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , in a organic , organic way .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software generally takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that he 's done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and side and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California , which is until the moment , 2,000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that is program to show in a couple of days , and it spreads together is a kind of shot shot to the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not like in private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in the open , generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way of dealing with the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem with a <unk> institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools for work together .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every single day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a big frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And that is that if we stop the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you get insane , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't alone . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately comes out of us -- remember that , `` We , the people , '' the way of thinking about how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take the charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , mostly , about <unk> .
This is the data center of services and information .
It 's the place that calls calls if you make it in the United States .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the house doors , put out music well and see if you 're going ? ''
And it worked . So well , Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston is not a center of calls .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
Do n't take that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New Library in Boston .
One day , this really happened , comes to this question , `` <unk> in my garbage garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that for you ? ''
The <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so everyone can see this .
In this case , it saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I walked up to the place , found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> .
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to meet and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could be connected to the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than government services .
When one neighbor helps another one , we would bring communities out .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think you 're the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government will reflect our values and be confused , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface <unk> layer .
Underneath it 's what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps us from that that belongs to us as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and a result is losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the real government work occurs .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report on response to the order of the <unk> of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've been dealing with government , it 's time we ask you what world we want to leave for our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they 're going to face .
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to rethink the function of government so that it can enhanced strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act out , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that 's grown by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions at the same time and they do it .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't really care about listening to your voices .
They 're using their hands .
They bring hands to the work to program applications that make better work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be washing out a fire hydrant , taking out weeds , dumping a garbage garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we had always cleaned up those hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital reminders that we 're not just consumers , not just consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until not <unk> citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of the hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impact all over the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I actually did n't learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned about my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a African-American family dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was strong .
It was the last word in any discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880s and his experience with slavery to settle in the way the world looked at .
She was hard , but she was also <unk> .
When I was a little kid , I looked at it , and she would give me a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then dropped off .
One or two hours later , I 'd come back to her , and I came up and said , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I read it no , I hold my mind , and if I said yes , I gave me in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be near it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with it , it was n't easy to get your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I went to the room , and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stare at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
And he looked at her and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me out , and he said , `` Let me tell you something , but you ca n't say it to anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , I 'm okay . ''
She said , `` Now let 's not do that . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching it . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said , `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always the <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , I 'll say , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 'll always do the right thing even though the right thing is how hard . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I will . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in southern rural , I have a brother one year old and a sister a single year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a little bit of six beers , I do n't know where he took them , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just got to do the crazy things always .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go on , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . You know , I 'm going to see it . And you always do the same thing as us .
I already took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
He went out and went , `` Ah , not to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells you all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have a 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be a virtue of virtue ; I mean by the power that identity has .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't think to be able to do .
I think my grandmother , of course , believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died from age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to commit ourselves .
Now , try and talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , he had 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people on probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of the three black black people in 18 and 30 years is in jail or probation .
In urban <unk> in the entire country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , from 50 to 60 percent of all the young black men are in jail or the parole .
Our system is not just distorted in the race , too to poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's a lot better if you 're rich , and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems for us .
We 're disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as other states , you 've got me rights , forever if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we put it in the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights is going to be as high as it was before we approve the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where sentence was sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have this country in jail for children , without any chance to go out .
Right now we 're in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This business penalty issue is interesting .
In some sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , do people deserve to die for the <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding if people deserve to die for the crimes of <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error .
From every nine people in executed , he has identified one that is innocent and released from the death row .
A mistake of error , amazing ; an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
aviation would never be allowed to ever fly airplanes , if every nine than take off , you would have crashing .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted up to World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined his lives .
There are now older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you tell talks , you tell talks , you 're talking about people to stop saying that in our history for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of dirty and separation of separation .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly created tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage it with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that you could not overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences about the death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's really disturbing to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We may never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , were to <unk> people . ''
Let 's go on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , to do to people , especially if they were mostly Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these things that are so difficult , the positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . You know , it 's creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are affected by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my mind , we need to integrate both of these things .
We spoke about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to say spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
If you think about them , it 's sort of something that 's within us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from potential ideas as well by heart convictions .
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard thing .
Live <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for the spirit , a willingness to be in sites of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at heart of what I think , that even in communities like TED , has to commit to it .
There 's no disconnection related to technology and design , that allowed us to truly be human if we did n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We 'll go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , `` <unk> , comes the Parks Parks . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I want . ''
And she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I began to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice management .
We try to end the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the massive mass . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I finish up and said , `` Hmm , um ! ''
He said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Mrs. <unk> <unk> and he put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very but very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher than we have made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because they 're a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that belongs to me , not it 's a thief .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
This is not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , we 're not being judged by our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual and rational ability .
At the end of the end of judging the character of a society , not in the way that rich , powerful and privileged , but the way they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm sometimes broken . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
You get tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas are going beyond my stories in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients in 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> to get them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge judge change someone in what is n't that ?
The judge <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One very late night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , has to have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14 year-old customer , a little poor , black , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> , so that my <unk> black customer is treated like a <unk> white target executive in a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put a legendary behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that crazy <unk> would be a dream , or I would actually write it ?
For my horror , it was not only <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had already forgotten it .
And finally , I decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I was in the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I was walking to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a black man older , it was the court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You know , you 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That connected deeply inside , with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision vision .
Well , I went into the audience 's room .
And when I arrived , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr. went . '' And we started to argue .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
They get the policemen to assistants , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people -- all furious , because we 're talking about races , because we talked about inequality , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I got to see the superintendent that went and came .
I looked down the window and I 'll hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and here .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , and I walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a <unk> 's assistant showed him because the superintendent was in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience 's room ? ''
And the old black stood up , I looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and he said , `` I went to this room of audiences to tell this young man who keeps his view on the target itself . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
That we can not be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is attached to the other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity has to bind to brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this -- I just want to tell you that keep your view on the target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There 's a number of opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> , this spring in which a <unk> effort will be spent on punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder would not be supported by arrests .
56 percent of the rapes come to nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds are <unk> to make them the law , security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to those who think it 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth mass growth in this country is not by crimes of violence .
It 's the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this increase in prison population .
And we let us convince us the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life sentence ; to steal a bicycle , by little crimes against property , instead of making those resources <unk> .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
I think our philosophy today about punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for you to come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for Bin Laden .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police sends O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> ruthless <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> 6 : <unk> . <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : tsunami <unk> . <unk> nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War II . It 's massive .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> might be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media means <unk> negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get a lot more data than the brain can actually process .
And like nothing matters more than survive , the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So from a <unk> of <unk> stories looking at the negative .
That old adage of the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices provide us with a negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going to be bad at worse .
But maybe it 's not that .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the endangered species , the scarcity of water and energy ; we have no question .
As human beings are very good at <unk> the problems , and in the long , we 've just left with them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has been more than doubled , average income per capita , has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Moreover , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful era of human history .
Charles Kenny that the world literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue giving ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
So think about it today in America , most of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop before any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going up .
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , by Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized , all over the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , the digital medicine , the vaccination and the AI .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy , '' `` IBM ? ''
It was epic .
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> voices . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , there would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story about Napoleon 's story in the middle of the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited for dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's military ate with grain , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is from aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is abundance percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come from pure metal .
He 's tied for oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up and did the aluminum and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
So let 's get this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They go to the Earth 16 energy energy , every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity ; it 's about affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the default generated by diesel : we are , we take rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Remember when Carl Sagan has pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after it was Saturn ?
We had a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` An pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight for half a percent of the water 's water , but also there is hope .
It 's a technology that 's available not in 10 or 20 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I gave me permission to do it -- their technology called <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any source , saltwater , contaminated water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The Coca-Cola president has just thought that I 'm going to make an important test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence in that this will be , Coca-Cola 's able to implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation by this technology that we have today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to reach 70 percent penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior <unk> has better mobile communications in Kenya than the president Reagan 25 years ago .
And , with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you have , and I have paid tens of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars in <unk> , video , libraries of books and music , libraries of books and music , <unk> <unk> technology now and lose market value with cell phones .
Maybe the best thing to get when it comes to the health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X Prize <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk about , and because it has an AI , you can coughing , you can suck from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent health workers .
When this device is going to make a virus of RNA or DNA that will not recognize , I 'll call the health health , and in the first place , stop the pandemic .
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never been heard of the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What are you going to do ? What might you want ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we 'll have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health , thanks to the <unk> , from a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we give us three more members of humanity , healthy healthier and productive ?
How about some voices never heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What do you do with these three billion ?
What if these are contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by his passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish up by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
They were at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folding is the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played these university professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and began to play it .
And it 's shown that today the model recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> passion of <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion minds that are coming to us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have been in front of a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples .
The first story is Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You might think he 'd like a finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick fish up .
And he described one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
He was caught up until the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List in the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times over Galapagos and elsewhere , so that has nothing special .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story also illustrates another concept : displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could do it .
It burned too much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , from a few mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was for a good moment , so it was earning more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the number of fish had halved .
He went to the five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
They were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , I started in <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
fishing development was imposing out to the countries that had already 100,000 fishermen ; they 're running out of industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called <unk> 4 .
I went out fishing in him , and we did studies in southern China 's South Africa , and especially in the United States of Java .
What we captured there was something that we did .
<unk> , right now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are on the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about the remains , the remains of the coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck , and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom of being a solid coral fund , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . I wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they 're going to an area where they have never been fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world off , but we did n't remember it .
They took the point of departure , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something that happens .
On the y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . Changes because people do things <unk> .
Every generation will use the pictures of their conscious life as normal , and I extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the planning of changes .
And at the end of the end , keep around the miserable remains .
And that , largely , we want to do now .
We want to maintain things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies have killed animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before you go extinct , is gradually frequent .
You do n't get plentiful animals .
You lose dead animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea with great fish .
They become recently frequent <unk> because we take them off .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the point of departure .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence that presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect that the evidence is .
For example , the anecdote that some present , like a captain of us , and so I saw a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not using the scientists of the fishing , because it 's not `` science . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From the enormous paper that can be able to be a protected marine zone .
Because with marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
It turns out the past that people ca n't conceive because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that they provide , which allows them to erase their baseline .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think of `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people are moved on with the film -- 8 a.m. , why do we deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to make `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why the videos become viral and how important it is .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the online video makes any of us , or our actions , copper thirds of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube a minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage gets viral , and they get lots of views and he wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , participation communities and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows you at the peak of popularity of the past summer .
He was n't saying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that we 'd put into the video of popularity .
The <unk> of trends like Jimmy <unk> presented us with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everyone wants you to get the weekend , last week . <unk> , Friday . We start on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Like `` rainbow rainbow double , '' this video seemed to be coming out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , on Friday in particular ?
Well , he took it up and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , by Michael Science Theater , was one of the first people to do a joke about the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that one person or a <unk> group embrace a view of view and share it with a broader public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great little joke then starts to talk about it and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the inner entertainment of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's this thing .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three year-old version that has been seen by four million times .
So even cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet <unk> .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be part of .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` rainbow rainbow <unk> '' or `` `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What the script could be written by this situation ?
In a world where two days of video go up for a minute , only that really unique and unexpected can be able to get these things out of it .
When a friend of mine told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the speeding dozen riders in New York , I 'll admit I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for not circular for <unk> , but often there are obstacles that keep you out properly .
KA : Thank you to the surprise of the surprise and your humor , Casey <unk> got that five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all of the new things that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , of a new culture , that we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
We 're all the owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , but they 're just about the current media , but it 's <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a final story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still getting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life has been supported by the unique unit of unity and freedom in his country .
So imagine as the communist communist people in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so long , for so long , they were making fun .
They become silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was to not let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a crack of a boat at the end of dawn silent towards the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life was destined for a task , the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> and the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed in a fishing vessel .
All of the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirate , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had a little bit of poison with poison .
If you catch , first we would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I can remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the Malaysia coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the trip was too much for him ; and the first apple I made , given for the men of the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women throughout three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , and we set up a fashion suburb , whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , had no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> English fragments between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , <unk> .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a headline in IT .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and they 've got an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , no matter what it should be taken away , which was generally new clothes -- it was always <unk> .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes from the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And I had <unk> and <unk> about the `` eyes <unk> '' and some graffiti , `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
It 's something in me .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would lie on the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and listen to the movements of our grandmother at the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to get it .
She opened a computer shop , then he studied to be <unk> , and she opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were locked in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic , classical , relentless , <unk> student .
In the other , it was very large in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , abuse and insulation .
But many of them got aid over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of attorney , I was elected Australian young year .
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit in .
So I read , anonymous resident in <unk> , was now so <unk> , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of , and in houses that she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> over the day of each and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I said to my mom I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when we climb on the boat .
The `` No '' had never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about youthful <unk> and education , and the <unk> of the marginalized and the unprotected .
And the more quite frankly , I was talking , the more I was talking about .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of as possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new scene on the scene -- and not only that it 's okay , but it 's something that I will be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being in the inside can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my happy place to know that , yes , that the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had n't been <unk> , they were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I followed my intuition .
I 'm going to give you a small group of people for the slogan `` You ca n't be done '' was a irresistible challenge .
For a year we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he made a giant soup pot that we all share .
They went back to the <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened it up .
I took the decision to move to the United States .
after a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm , and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 , it became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat her .
No support of her husband , he caused an uproar to the <unk> and lead the cause of her , and much more <unk> caused by when he won .
You ca n't have shown to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to go and say .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell her stories , and we ensure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close their casket .
My mother asked us to hold her hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is your hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that 's running through women .
Since we were and how life was formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives had frustrated .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who could want that to know ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , a brave wave of each wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it up and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here today , in the fourth or <unk> row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the old Indian epic .
In those days when Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great prince Indian warrior , he was <unk> , he pulled a bow to the ground , he could get water .
We now do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we launched was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a great deal of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I 'd come up with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends to my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a little girl my grandfather gave me his silver silver singing .
And this piece of technology that was 50 years was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras have we <unk> .
It 's our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
It was books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
We are , where we are .
And put the text together with the picture , animation and sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that serve us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I 'm a character in the book .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live on the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl are excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that childhood magic , those ideas that <unk> children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always surprised me .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad for firefly .
And really , they light up your way in what it 's subtraction from the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book , and every book becomes a <unk> that I drag up towards this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there have always been maps , but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points in the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another hugely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra 's cameras for millennia , in an old , moist book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
In a story that 's all about today 's issues like the environmental crisis .
And talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked together , glued to their PCs , have n't come out the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones and pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in one chapter , <unk> a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been gone .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we had an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad and the video on , and by using augmented reality , a bunch of cartoons appear on the inner plants .
At a moment , it 's full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and it has to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature <unk> with technology and magic and technology come closer to each other .
It <unk> the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit down through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> , was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and known : What happens ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all of all , or maybe not everyone , but most of the Mexican projects fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob on .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to me , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to it as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs <unk> or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's something else .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scaling , and before I get up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , today , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure on the pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the week next week .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , taking their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to regain control and to be captains of their own boat ; but also us can help health care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing costs of <unk> attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things that we did , I would like to share with you with you with a video .
We all have navigation controls in cars .
Maybe even we have our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was it was crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public to be : If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , you know , and when it 's open , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open up at office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use your cell phone phone to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to make it globally .
We 're giving all of our colleagues in the world , at other universities , to help us find , to work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of the <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I 'd also want to invite companies around the world that could help us abnormalities .
They could be <unk> services or telephony people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve the health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my ' photography .
Or is it a photograph ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras out .
My interest for photography was aroused with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my previous passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushed .
For me photography , photography had more to be in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do that .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to press the trigger .
Just like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite it , it keeps an realism of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful people at the same time , but with the common goal to keep realism .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
Now that one will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Would the light switch ?
What does the illusion do ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three objects that would imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if there were .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we deceive the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process when I combine the photographs .
It really does combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think that 's what we do n't even think of -- the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when we combine photographs , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something will be seen wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules to continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of the photos must have the same perspective .
Second , photos are combined to have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements ; they were taken in the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make sure not to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of pictures of different places .
In the personal I think it 's easier to create a place that will find it because you do n't need to put the ideas in the face of your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew that I had a number of months to do it , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made the house the house on the top of the island to look at the top of the island .
So to get a realistic result , I think you need planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
And then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here 's every piece that 's very well intended .
If you do a good job when you take pictures , the result can be very beautiful and a very realistic time .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder of me .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other we tend to see , is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something novel .
Here 's something weird happens .
And that 's precisely what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn up the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing on paper .
Why do we plot environmental curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw them into a normal line in which , say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very silly , to see a straight line .
But if something happened like this , you give a qualitative change .
If technology 's technology , if the microprocessors technology as fast as the microprocessors , the past morning we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move back at that rate .
It 's not precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , I know like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something to happen .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask of asking , and wonder , what is that new shape that takes the world ?
What new state is the world going ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future was happening in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see the future is still 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
It 's happening . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years , because everything will be so different I extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we go back about a billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that <unk> around it .
If we look at the way those chemicals organized us , we give an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to figure out what the RNA comes with , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at the time , there were all of these oil droplets with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil droplets held a particular combination of chemicals that made them put out of the outside of the outside .
And they started division .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , those oil droplets .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe .
And every time you divide it by <unk> an unequal distribution of chemicals inside .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the droplets drops in some ways being better at bringing the chemicals around ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Usually they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a life form , chemistry , very simple , but things get interesting when these droplets showed the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't understand very well , these droplets learned to storing information .
They learned how to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , they 're going to be able to make it in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that they can replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since that evolved 2.5 million years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living set is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white dust that I try to hide the safety people of the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and it <unk> it 10 to 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have many for everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread it in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happily be happy with another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things would be very different , and that was that these cells started exchanging and communicate information forming , forming the communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way they could avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to be formed in communities that , in a way , were put together in that ; and a synergy .
And so they survive or failed together , or that if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community would take more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up so much that , in fact , came together and decided to write the whole recipe in the community board in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as an organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart of the heart , or the muscle , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something that we call an organism .
The next level is within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that were not making more special structures to process information .
These are the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize in the community being the most responsible structure of record , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn not to eat some fruit because I knew bad and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously has greatly accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time necessary to learn .
But then of course , the individuals found the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting here sitting around with a few <unk> and hopefully building a similar idea , vague and fuzzy , in their heads holding some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we made it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to cause abstractions .
Now we spend over periods of periods like multicellular organisms ; we have our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
<unk> , computing , video tape , CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we 're building on to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where there was some evolution with the <unk> program , in our eyes .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told you was taken by a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The following , the language and so took less than a million years ago .
And the next ones , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process gets back . I guess it 's the right word to name something that is accelerating its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the more fast it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at on the curve of the curve .
We see the process feeds back .
But I make my living by designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would n't be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it does every transistor in that connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , it gets far further and more quickly than ever before .
In fact , sometimes we use methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting approach , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million randomly instructions ? ''
You could run these sequences of instructions at random , running all of these programs , and take those more than we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tidy numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are more close to us .
Of course , it 's unlikely to be some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did it .
But one , fortunately , could get two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the task ? ''
And we put those and <unk> the rest .
And now we 're going to get the best one to really ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a process of analog by sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and that kids will be able to protect the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of programs that come from the combinations of programs that had a little more success .
And we say , `` Please , repeating the process . ''
Let 's come back again .
They had some mutations .
And it tries to try and try again with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they are programs much more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the security of the target , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did .
In fact , their lives depended on .
Once it was going on a 747 with Marvin Minsky 's eyes , and he pulls up a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer safe flight , does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they 're complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things that produce normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options there .
It goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to do much faster computers , so we can run these programs much more quickly .
So it 's feeds back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it looks so fuzzy .
Because all of these technologies feed back .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas , and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is .
But now it comes the lunch , and I think I 'm going to stop here before I was <unk> .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough long enough to let me give me a part of my fake prestige on that .
Before I treat my talk about my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , here 's the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out , `` Make rules . ''
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you .
It 's called the average of <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , from a <unk> <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anyone who tried to throw it out to the first base , not time , and the second base being saved .
three attempts to 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> .
Well , really , really , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a baseball blind ?
By the way , that 's someone that 's 10 strikes , they got four .
<unk> -- as the legendary Ted Williams , the last Major League player in the United Kingdom of doing more 400 strikes in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to do this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they 're derivatives of a surgeon who has a 400 <unk> record .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a distance from a distance , and a loved one is two clogged coronary arteries and their family doctor transferred to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's dramatically improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you believe what you should be the average surgeon of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows a good surgeon , a doctor or a provider .
What we do , though , is to send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the take-home message when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test .
So .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the residence of nurses General Hospital , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized origin and muscle labor , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , frequent differential diagnosis and the usual not .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated with an honor .
And it 's <unk> of medicine with the impression that if you were to <unk> everything , then it would know everything , or the possible thing , to close to the whole thing , because that 's how I got rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the Mrs. <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady back into the emergency service , where I was working .
At that time , I was assigned to the service of cardiology .
And when he applied to a cardiologist , he played me to that patient .
And I 'll inform the chief of the residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was blown away .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which would give me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump your blood forward , your blood goes into the lungs , these are <unk> of blood , and so there 's a difficulty to breathe .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment I would give you .
I gave him aspirin and medication to ease the pressure in their heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in one hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of the residents .
I did n't get up the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , which was to call my boss and get him with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring insights into it .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who would have a constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
And when he turned to her home , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , it was so insecure that he was asking the nurse I was taking care of the lady who was taking care of me , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said full <unk> , `` Yes , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on to my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and truck to the parking lot where my car was going home , and at that moment I did something I do n't normally do .
It happened for the road emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , I 'm not taking care of the lady who was taking care of her , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear fear too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` You remember the patient who sent home ? ''
He asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But he came back and the verge of death .
At the end of an hour he got to her home , after I gave him the tall , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance people brought him up with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I was just breathed and blue .
The emergency staff will go on all their resources .
They gave their medication to raise blood pressure .
They put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after <unk> was in intensive care and expected against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that I would never get to <unk> .
He had irreversible damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , it 's going to be transferred to what was happening .
And at ninth day , they left her going . The Mrs. <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of the dying .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was going to be excited by that and experienced the unhealthy shame that there is in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't get it off with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make your mistake more .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is which makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure you 're going to get things out and made sure that I 'm not going to tell me .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent it to my house ?
And my worst moments : Why did I made a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little to that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And on a cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with me in which if you were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect , to make more mistakes , I would stop those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on her throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he would point out here .
I looked at her throat , I was kind of <unk> .
<unk> him penicillin and sent it to his house .
But while he was headed to the door , he kept pointing her throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my <unk> , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I said the three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on your throat ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the upper air it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
You managed to get antibiotics on it , and it recovered and recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then he came back and came back to work , until he happened over and over again .
Two times in the same turn of the emergency room , no appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were going to take 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of the kidneys , but it turned out normal , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
I read the liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague I 'm looking at it .
I checked , and when some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
They both were operated and recovered well .
But every single case , I 'm <unk> , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a crap .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Only , ashamed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them to make the same mistakes ?
If I could come into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about your own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital would be the wrong leg , believe me that he would have a little time to look at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of errors .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones who ca n't sleep and the ones who do n't sleep and the ones who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start attacking that person .
We have the idea that if we stop the people who make mistakes , we have a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about spread and medical journalism , I 've done a bad study for bad medical litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto `` Star <unk> , Black art , Black art . )
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are going on every day , where one of 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or it 's not right . In a system where the <unk> infections are increasingly and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 15,000 Canadian for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Institute in America put 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not hitting the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where the knowledge is added up every two or three years , and we 're not going to tell us .
The sleep deprivation is filled with everything .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it 's <unk> with <unk> eyes and with my breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things as well .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So , if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professionals of the error , well , no one left .
And how about people do n't want to talk about their more serious cases ?
In my show , `` White <unk> , black art , '' it 's a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah .
And his students would go down , and they 're going to go down , go down the head and <unk> saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The general doctor is human , you know human , you accept it , and it was n't proud of your mistakes , but it tries to learn about what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They 're affecting other people 's mistakes , not the intention of getting it , but a loving way and support for all of us to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going on the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes at the time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm going to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what they think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that he said to choose an American American , are about 70 to a day .
Not a lot ago , in a research , followed by a week to a group of presidents of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different homework tasks , for these executives and the time that we were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How does it measure the way that you make those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choose to choose the overload of choice .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
While I 'm talking about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive for you , if you 're sorry .
And now my first question of day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload ' overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , we had this very , very high level , at least at that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we were drinking water from the tap .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I wondered , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from trees millennials .
I once decided to go to the manager and asked him , `` Does it work well this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed out with the buses of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different kinds of different kinds .
They put a post to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put there from six flavors there , or 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what 's the case people were willing to stop testing the sentence ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a jelly jar .
Here 's the opposite effect .
They stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Where you stood up when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they found out , if they were six , that if they were 24 .
Well , you decide we do n't buy safety , you probably care about it , you 're good at <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of options 's overload affects us in a very far way .
We decided to not decide , even though this is n't true .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at health decisions for the retirement of about a million Americans in this country .
We were interested to see whether the number of funding funds are available in plans for retirement and 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was a correlation .
We had plans that were coming from two , up to 59 options .
We found that the higher the number of money money was used , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that you have two funding , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as tall as you want .
And on the plans that offer about 60 , the rate of participation went down the 60 60 .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there 's a negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the higher the number of choices , the more people are being used to avoid actions or investment funds .
As much more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But no one of these extreme decisions are the ones that we 're generating to optimize global financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences by providing more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that you make the decision , which is even though it 's going against your self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and in health .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , albeit objectively better .
The main reason is to be able to look at that huge variety of <unk> , mustard and vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that awesome exhibition .
Today I want to talk to you about four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can rehearse in your business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , that less is more .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing is more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of you know , you 'll get rid of strange redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , we 'll get the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation removed the products to escape from cats that less were sold , they gain profit at 87 percent , for two causes : higher sales and lower costs .
You know that the supermarkets today , on average , offer 45 products .
In a tent of Walmart , they 're offering about 100,000 products .
But the nine largest shop in the current world is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce on can .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples have emerged about how to handle the best options is the theme of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically placed to a insurance background .
People who really want to choose , are offered 20 dollars , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences there are between those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you can not do their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience on a vacation with all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( few applause ) Okay . Anyone who 's ready to accept the supply .
They are n't more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , which in the second one . But I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images were making it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload overload .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or debit cards , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> that worked in <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were being pushed into a 401 plan .
And to that meeting , we 're saving exactly the way it used , we did a little addition .
What we added is we appeal to the staff that would think about the positive things that are going to think about their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent of the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts for four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can drive more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a seating study .
What we saw is that in supermarkets 's supermarket 's length of the northeast , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different types , until <unk> .
But you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 're sorry .
( few applause ) Well , there 's some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 're sorry .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This rating scheme is totally useless .
The categories must tell you something that you choose , not what defines you .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funding .
Are allegedly who are they informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German German manufacturer that allows for full <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that provide each one .
Color , color outside of the car . I 'm 56 possibilities .
The engine , of changes -- four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where the decisions appear .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , just a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you always get the default button on every decision , this indicates that you 're overwhelmed , or you 're : we 're losing them .
We found that they go from many options a few options , push the default button over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from little choices to many , they 're still there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was we will alter the order in which the information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to choose .
So even though the choice comes from change does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways it 's made to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more geeks in the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload overload : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , make it real ; <unk> , we can drive more categories with less options ; we can make complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've shown you were designed to help drive alternatives ; or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when we choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter on the writing , I had to get to the government .
You had to register a piece of text from example written with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a script with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , how much that we 're going to give you the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer of any major manufacturer and it prints a page , that page will end up having a little yellow printed dots on each page that makes them own a pattern that makes them own one and their printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can set up the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They are cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , very large amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media by banking trojans to steal money from our bank accounts when we buy online ; or steal our key to getting information from our cards when we bought on a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss 's Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this has <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain goes off . It does n't know her stop .
And I say today that 's more likely to be any victim from a real crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going from wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes happen online .
The second group of attackers that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , you motivate the protests , you motivate the opinions , you motivate the laughter .
Groups like Anonymous have <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main headlines : the criminals who do it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the United States to attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
They went out of failure last fall because of a <unk> .
We would take the safety of the site and perpetrated a <unk> .
I asked last week , in a meeting with representatives from the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found one of the leaders if they could find out death of people because of the attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die because of a attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we had a foreign authority .
They were the <unk> certificate .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , they looted the headquarters of the French police headquarters in April of 2011 , and during the Northeast of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communication of citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 10,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a very good case , well , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it gets beyond today .
You put the connection to the Internet .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see the whole communication , and listen to arguments online .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious answer should be `` Well , it seems like something bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments in 2011 , any right right now , any right right now , will be forever .
Are you blindly blind in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that we have to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , in the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
They <unk> our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value it so much .
So I grew up to hate lions a lot .
They were dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , of age six to nine , is responsible for the cattle of his father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were scared .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because I even helped lions see the pen away .
I did n't give up . I went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
It was trying to deceive the lions so he believed that he was near the barn .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he went and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the shed with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on the switch to turn out the lights .
And this is a little lamp in a broken flashlight .
Let 's get it all .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery would <unk> electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights out .
As you can see , the <unk> give them out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is what lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions so you think I 'm walking through the barn , but I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals -- lions and asked me if he could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyena , leopards , and also being used to crack elephants from the farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is helping to raise money and <unk> .
It even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , one year ago , I was just a little boy in the savanna meadows of my father , and I used to see planes flying , and I was saying that one day would be within one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to become an engineer from aviation and pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you get a grant . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do a fence . CA : How close to electric ?
<unk> : I know you already invented electrical fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So let 's take it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I 've stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the canyon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to show you every step you give you , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Although I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor , and I 'd never been hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister .
That said , `` When you were doing this , the five family members will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks before .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
As long as I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms by watching her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped down to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over one million North Koreans died during the famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more common , the energy cuts , all around me was completely in dark at night except by sea lights in China , just across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river that serves from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very tiny at certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of the North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I only thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
You could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as a <unk> refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate of a turn in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare came true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had accused me to be <unk> , and I was able to get my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to exploit .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But he managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an officer said to the other , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me to go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum on foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had been captured , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and <unk> in North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , all of their world can be <unk> in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to be a risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but in the inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through a identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call a pride of pride .
Even though I went to life in South Korea was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam at university .
Just when I was starting to go to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities had some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning on how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border of North and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide you , in some ways , for over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were caught several times .
Once our bus was arrested and approached by a Chinese police officer .
He asked all of us , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was getting arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse to stand up and told him that they were <unk> that was accompanying it .
And I looked at me <unk> , but I certainly believed me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the illegally border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again on the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything for free to my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison in prison in South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But he did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a man 's voice , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man went to the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and another two North Koreans and get them out of prison .
I thank him all my heart , and I said , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of strangers I put a new hope for me and to the <unk> village when we needed it more .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to get their freedom , it 's only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , working practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with family still , and we 're sending information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans a chance to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is the South Center : <unk> shops , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they changed it to the South L.A , as if that 's what it 's really wrong in the city .
This is the South L.A . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. , South Center , home to the food places to take and eat in the car .
The kicker is that the places of food to bring killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this will happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of your house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as a car that 's used .
I see dialysis centers centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I 've already got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a strip of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet three feet .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what makes me win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. , Green <unk> , we get together , and we started planting our food forest , trees <unk> , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of a paid group in advance for gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city will be done on me , and basically , I was given a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made order .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the written story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members of Green <unk> , who had a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> , I even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why is n't it ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space for planting millions of tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you look good at this ?
Let 's give a plant a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , growing your own food .
You know , your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South <unk> .
I grew up there . Let me get my kids there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Like an graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> on that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you leave your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witness how my garden became a education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how kids affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and <unk> act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 a.m. and they were in my yard , went out and see very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , they do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt ashamed of seeing people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes go to steal your food ? ''
I 'm saying , `` Oh God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal it . ''
It 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to give you your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a hut for <unk> in the L.A. center .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed them , that 's just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all on voluntary plan .
If boys are growing <unk> , kids will eat <unk> .
If you 're growing up tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if you 're all taught , if you 're not taught how your food affects your mind and your body , you eat blind people to put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're stuck . I see boys of color that are on this path designed for them , who does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids that will be engaged in their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington will be produced .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is putting people working , pull out the kids on the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , by opening markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We need to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Let them take them up their shovel ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call myself if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so that you can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sounds ) You 'll all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as it rains a lot .
You can have a huge amount of water in asphalt a splash .
And especially if you 're riding on your bike , and these cars happen , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to do <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can pass through it , so all water water flow down to the sides and you 're going to have a road that 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very wide , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What 's getting rid of ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface go out .
One stone , then several more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bumps with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can be turned into a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage arises in this material .
It 's a porous , like I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and they seize it , and they 're going to break it out of <unk> .
So , if you drive along the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is to use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very little pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can get , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones are coming back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , and I 'm going to pull out to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples out there , and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we donated a piece of a road donated , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road lasts for several years without damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested it in the lab .
We made the samples , we put a lot of charge into them , the group then with our prayer machine and the gaps , and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using induction energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road , they can even save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they have a little bit of curiosity from if it also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repair repair .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News BBC in his little gray radius .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban went off ! '' I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban would come out of Afghanistan and made that illegal to be at school .
For the next five years , I became a little kid to get my older sister to my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate them .
Every day , we were taking a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
School was at a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We did n't know that we would take our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school closed suddenly a week , because the <unk> Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Was they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the girls .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan . <unk> that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to convert our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a major risk not to educate your children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember there were times that I was very frustrated with our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can forcing yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do n't you want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from her home to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate her daughters .
He 's not just getting rid of my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who took him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I have a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see the students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they were out of being killed by a bomb , for minutes .
When you get to your house , you 're the phone , a voice had warned that if you kept sending your daughter to school , you would try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But do n't harm my daughter 's future for your old old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most people who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first persuasive <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember , was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I fear these changes would not last long , after retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I see the students in my school , and their parents who were going to take care of them , that animate them , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and limitless possibility , and every day , the <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I never forgot the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never go back a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke inspired by the surge of mass <unk> and the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside the country to call a day of rage and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men were at the cutting edge , pushing the fall of the regime , we 're carrying banners for freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a little bit of courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy payload , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society <unk> .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , next to many other women , to rebuild civil civil society , pushing a inclusive transition and just towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi . About 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I came back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women of Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and for our right of equal engagement in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish policies from domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was passed and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little , the elation of choices and revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day , we found news news .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day , <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.S. officials in the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militia 's government and the violations of human rights from the prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mindset , becomes more and away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , the exclusion and the revenge became the cones of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all today to inspire our history of success from the <unk> list , and the election .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , choose wrong , make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the elections did not brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> of candidates and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society and dominated , with selfish policies from selfish and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Maybe what was missing was not only women , but women 's female values , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus that the choices needed , which is only about polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female most than the numerical representation and quantitative of it .
We need to stop acting like an outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting like compassion and mercy and mercy .
We need to develop a female discourse , not only <unk> , but also put for mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that are Libya , torn apart from the war , desperately needs the end to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between the female perspectives and the male .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to <unk> <unk> -- peace -- `` is the word of the God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate ] . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the traditions of <unk> , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- a uterus -- it 's <unk> the feminine and motherly word , which spans all the humanity of men and women , which is all tribes and all the people who have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , which grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is providing all of the existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy for all things . ''
This is what it tells us , `` My mercy is about my anger . ''
It 's all going to give you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the everyone 's doing forever : Why is she left ?
Why would anybody stay with a man who beat him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story that I 'll count .
I was 22 years old . I had just been at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green green Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , he was going into his head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who she loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` lunatic <unk> , '' a psychological trap , in terms of love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I am <unk> from Harvard University and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for `` Fortune 500 '' companies , among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been married for 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black footprint and lead a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all of the religions , every income and education income .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse only happens in close relationships , interdependent and long duration or said otherwise , in families , the last place where we would want or hope to find violence , which is so puzzling for the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I 'd like to tell you that it would be the last person in the world who would stand with a man who beat him , and I actually went a very standard victim because of my age .
It was 22 years old , and in the United States , women aged 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of other ages , and more than 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year per year , boyfriends and husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , your warning signals or its patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and November night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in the New York subway , and he started talking to me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he also had just been invited from a university university and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But the thing that struck me was that the first encounter was that it was smart and fun , and that looked like a boy guy .
I had some big <unk> as apples , and a permanent wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it mainly on a pedestal , on a pedestal .
We started to go out and love all of me : that I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who would lead passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done it .
And that was why the arts degree in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future were so important to him .
I did n't know that the first phase of any domestic violence relationship is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now the last thing I wanted to do was leave New York and leave my dreams ' work , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was entering head in a physical and financial trap carefully ready .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce violence to see how it reacts to her .
And this is where they come in the scene of those guns .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where they 're supposed to be so secure it was so safe .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he stored under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns because he needed the trauma that he was born .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and even though I had never been lifted my hand up my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first <unk> physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I got the girlfriend suit of my mother and married him with him .
Despite what had occurred , I was confident that we lived happily ever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very hopeful .
It was simply very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It was a isolated accident , and it never would be hurt .
I spent two times more on our <unk> .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that we had a few times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back out of our <unk> , <unk> for traffic and threw a Big Mac Mac to the face .
He went on to <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was shocked when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is the victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point of their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So going back to my question : Why was I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons .
The other question everybody does is : Why is n't it just going ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
More than 70 percent of fighting in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has ever been going to the relationship , after getting away , because then <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to married , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are normally forced by judges , not <unk> their mother .
And yet we keep wondering why is n't just going ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if they were allowed .
So I broke the silence .
He told everybody : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , full unknown , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as the spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
It 's a way to say , `` guilt is your fault , '' as if the victims <unk> in love with men who want to destroy .
But since I published `` Rain '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a worthless lesson from what happened to them , and that they would promote their lives joyful lives and happy as their voice , wives , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I got married a nice man and nice man , and we have those three children .
I have that black footprint and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do to have ever had ever before , ever , is a <unk> gun to my head on the hands of someone who says he wants me .
Right now , just like , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , how silly it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being battered or that they were being battered , or they were <unk> themselves .
The <unk> might be affecting their daughter , his sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love , just breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk to what you 've heard here .
abuse just thrives in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence just throwing light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of you talking about it with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family .
<unk> their vision of survivors like fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
They were sending the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims of a safe exit .
Together , we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the safe oasis and which should be .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like , right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed like this . I 've got to give me clothes to change .
This is the first change in clothing on a TED stage , so you have a lot of kind of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to do it now , but they 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heel are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you go to laugh at me , so do n't do anything while my head covers me .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also surface .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I 'd hold my back , and I was telling you the hair of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or a <unk> <unk> , like that I made two days for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although surface and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means being honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically wired to admire , we 've also associated with a high , <unk> shape , <unk> and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've ever known to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown a little bit skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers saying -- Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , I had Wen .
First of all , I 'll get them to know so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> contract , only 27 , that is , less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't know .
But then , what would really tell you to each one of these girls is , why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the Internet , or a surgeon <unk> ninja and poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of the journal American magazine , or the H director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say you really want to be a model is how to say you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've got your studies over , you have a resume and you have a resume and your back , no matter what you 're saying , you say , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but your curriculum would say , Model inside the United States , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people always do is , if all the pictures are <unk> .
And yeah , it 's pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that they took me , and also the first time he used a bikini , and I did n't even have a period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but I was a girl .
This is what my grandmother looks like next to my grandmother .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the <unk> magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not myself in those pictures .
They are creations of a professional group , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they can create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , do we make things free ?
I have too many inches from 20 inches , and I never use it , except for the previous pair , but the privileges I get in the real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store , and I forgot to get money , and I was given the gown .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver -- a <unk> light , and of course , you stood up , and it took it up , an agent to keep driving .
I love this privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance , no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , from the teenagers who stood up and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , it 's not a question of me ?
But how many times do I get bored ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States , do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17 percent .
So , the last question that people do is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you expect is : If you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair , you feel very happy and awesome .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative , resourceful and passionate .
And all that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , which I never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I am , because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , do you have some more thin legs and my hair brighter , be happier ?
You just have to meet with a group of models , because you have the thinner , the brightest hair and the most <unk> hair , but probably the most insecure women 's most insecure .
But especially it was difficult to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable with the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious photos , and I did n't have them who got them out .
There were no artistic directors , no artistic , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care of lighting .
In fact , most of them took random tourists .
My story begins when I was <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me up this picture , holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
And the chance we happened to come back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When my daughter 's third birthday of my daughter said to me , my wife told me , why do n't you get to New York City on a <unk> trip and you follow the ritual ?
Here 's when we start asking for the tourists that were going to get us to the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever been able to do it with the camera .
So we were not aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became a sacred thing for us .
This picture is just a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl would understand him .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time on a week of October and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only on the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because if we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reached new milestones , and I can see life through its eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly he was stopped in dry and pointed a red <unk> of the dolls that I loved as little on previous visits .
And it described to me that it felt at the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that reminded her heart <unk> by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because you 're determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but besides these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always getting the picture out .
Now , I want to encourage you to all come up in the picture , and you do n't get closer to somebody and ask yourself , do you get a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Companies are in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do they have such a bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter as well as <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , <unk> laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and my favorite , rabbits have better presence -- there are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the Old World launchers , where we have 16 species , from these 16 , 11 people face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are statisticians important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our gatherers of natural garbage .
They <unk> the carcasses to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb anthrax , which would not be for them to spread and causing great losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's not rabbits , the dead are taking three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge branches in the spread of diseases .
Cows also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector , and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the <unk> and Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of 10 warheads .
In <unk> culture , they 're done very important at the open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these vultures provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at the extreme endangered extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumption of cattle that has been treated with a drug called the <unk> .
This drug has been banned <unk> in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's not rabbits , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of cases of rage has risen greatly in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade from rabbits to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so you 're going to focus on a problem locally is not going to work .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors ' neighbors .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed their opinion , because he saw them fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 , I was young to 1977 , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia , in technical cooperation projects with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played on <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> de <unk> , '' was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we teach the local people to grow Italian tomatoes and beans and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to tell them to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't join them , and we were amazed that the local , in this ancient valley , had never had agriculture .
And yet , instead of asking you how it was possible that we could n't write anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` right at time to save the people of Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa is grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate it all . And we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never said . ''
I thought only we Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what they did , the British , what they did the French , and then to see what they were doing , I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them to <unk> .
You 're going to see the waste -- you 're going to see the waste that we send them to <unk> people in Africa .
You want to read a book , I read `` Give me dead '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , we , Western countries , we have given the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
Some of an African woman 's part , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , Mormon , and we treat people only two ways , or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin estate `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anybody in a different culture , as if they were my children , `` I love you too much . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if you were my servants .
So the white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
And that book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for the whole economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , let me alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened up this conference put a cane on the ground and said , `` Can we -- can you imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided I 'm 27 . I 'll just answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 'll ever get nobody , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local who have the dream to become a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never gets to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of reaching a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs will never succeed , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
To the smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't reach their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one to one , and we work face to face , you have to create social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the business doctor , who spoke with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to get away from this condescending crap that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut them up and I heard it . '' So -- the government says , `` Do it again . We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We helped start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away from '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they were involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative company . ''
<unk> is the death kiss of the corporate spirit .
So now , we were going to see <unk> Cape Christchurch with not knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to offer you all , your privacy , you have to be fantastic for you to help you , and then <unk> , come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's you going to do this morning ?
And that 's what you have to do .
So what I 'm telling you is the entrepreneurship is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossils , manufacturing -- and from time to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machine is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how do we cooperate , we control , we educate , we transport , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution , universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the Year of society .
And in the year , they 've got to put together this group of people , and I 'll tell you about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they talked about , if the population is kept growing up to this rate , to move into the population of New York City around , <unk> six million horses , and dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already thrown into dung . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology to <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , there was <unk> manufacturing companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer you all .
Otherwise , they wo n't come with you .
Then you have to offer an absolute , dedicated service , enthusiastic service .
And , later , you will have to tell you the truth about this to the beginning .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world who can do , sell and search for money .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at it and looked at the 100 iconic companies in the Carnegie world , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it started by one person .
Never the word `` I , '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't only when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops , in bars , with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who is speaking to you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you search for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , that 's why we do n't change much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> and templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love in New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak tree that gives you shadow to lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always supporting the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of America .
I live close to this house , and I was thinking about how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
I was Joan , like a mother to me .
Her death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me a deep gratitude for the living time .
He gave clarity to the significant things about my current life .
But I 'm going to try to keep this looking in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to go catch on day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board and painted on top of it to complete , `` Before I die . ''
So everybody could take some chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy . '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of change on the date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to spend one more time . ''
`` Before you die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams of people made me laugh at me laughing out loud , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> , it 's about giving the reflection and gaze , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow up and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the middle of the middle , we did a kit , and now they 've been made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions in increasing , it 's more important than ever , find the ways of preserving the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that to be ready for death is one of those things that will be more empowered .
If you think about death , our life will flourish .
Our shared spaces can reflect better than we care as individuals and as community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have one request today .
Please tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , very good-looking .
It does n't talk , but it 's transmitting joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It shares everything that happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and look at this : never lied .
When he singing our childhood songs , trying to talk to the words that I could n't even remember myself , I remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very good-looking .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when each of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday mic .
Do n't they seem awesome ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it prompted my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they did n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , and that 's so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , to be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that faster in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I ca n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It was a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and on his own world , with his own rules , and then I found pleasure on the smaller things , like putting the cars in the row around the room , stare at the washing machine and eat anything in between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being who had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change for normal .
normality is going on top of the beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean anybody 's wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one single thing to <unk> and Sam and you would have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the moment where we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me that I am normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the Wonders of the Wonders of the Wonders .
He asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a communication teacher to graduate students .
He was scared . Really . <unk> from these students with their great minds , their great books and their big unknown and unknown words .
But in the beginning of those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and it surprised me the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , and if we do n't know we even understand about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that we study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with jargon .
The lingo is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and Time '' , but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> is not the same as making stupid .
On the contrary , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're ways of connecting to their content .
And by presenting her work , forget about the signs of `` bullet . ''
Have you asked why they call bullets ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supporting too much in the language of our brain and inspire us .
Instead , this example of example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , legible , that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll provide graphs that <unk> our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some keys that can help each other and see the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words throughout the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` rogue politician . ''
Even though there was a journalism editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public charge without any matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , it gets it for the grouper use of monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they need to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , let 's assume that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
He brought him in the London Tower , and he was incarcerated for , but he had enough courage to face them , and eventually he had such a popular support in London that he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you how words and policy interact , I want you to return to the U.S. , just after independence .
So , they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced to all sorts of suggestions that they could have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it `` Secretary of State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and another `` <unk> from American People from America . '' Washington .
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was for quality .
And they do n't even have the idea that you could be elected King by a certain deadline .
And it could have served .
Everyone is immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the daily <unk> newspaper , and I always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
Which caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him or his successor to her ideas .
So they wanted to give the most modest title , the more insignificant and more unfortunate title of them .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It was already before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's going to be a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents <unk> <unk> and fractions of government , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate would be posed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call the president . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet free of foreign . ''
`` And who will take a serious title with a title and insignificant of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been challenged by the President 's degree .
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for a few more years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President President of the United States does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available , the largest economy in the world and a floats of aerial air vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have endowed with the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their <unk> title .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness by then .
But how many nations do they have now president ?
And all because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear warheads , and so on .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to be felt humble when they tell them that they are now President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with you .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really change the words more much more than what they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is <unk> and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but especially , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like the others , I take a cheap lamp of light attached subject to the head with this <unk> rubber rubber , and I can barely trace the branches that hold the walls that hold the walls of that hole in a subway rate .
So , my hand was crushed , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and dropped thousands of feet in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep at that hole to risk their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they might never do it , because they are guilty of slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver de Vancouver .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> in <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started to learn about slavery because I knew that existed in the world , but not just a degree .
When we ended up talking to me , I felt very bad , I honestly was ashamed of ignoring this terrible of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
I got a stomach , and , weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey to modern slavery started .
Interestingly , it had been in many of these places .
Some of them , even I considered them to be my second home .
But this time , <unk> the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as the number of displaced Africans in all of it .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today you can enslave entire families for generations for $ 18 for 18 .
Surprisingly , slavery takes profit from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to learn that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
The world today operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but they produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange , <unk> show was like entering the old Egypt or Dante 's hell .
It was in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , all families wrapped up in a heavy modernism of <unk> stack blocks into their heads , until 18 at a time , and they take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> for monotony and tiredness , working silent , doing this task over and over over 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , no food to drink , and the severe fence was making it pee .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot and it stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera is getting a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly , and he said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
You could n't offer any direct aid .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for his release and trusted when he was <unk> .
As soon as me , I waited to get home to feel my heart heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles on mountain grounds up to trucks that they expected down .
Those big the big , these large the children were heavier than the kids who wear and hold them to their heads with straps made of sticks , strings and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare to .
When these villagers were <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely .
When we hear the word slavery often , we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously previously sex slaves .
They drove me down a few stairs that were giving this dirty basement , <unk> lighting .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves <unk> with their girls and children , some of so only seven -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and to <unk> them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in their hands .
standing in dusk , I remember having sense of <unk> , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what 's supposed to be stuck in that hell .
I just had a exit : the stairs where I came in .
There was no backdoors .
There were no big enough windows to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a very difficult issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people who are <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles is another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages in which whole families were trained in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black <unk> hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , from his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and you dip the silk into the liquid until the elbows , but that 's toxic .
My translator told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger children , makes sense right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their hunting families , disappeared , forced to work extensive <unk> on these boats on the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came over , I was shivering ; it was subject to his little canoe .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees are submerged in Lake Volta 's lake , they often get networks and children , <unk> and fear , were getting into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of her , he 's not going to run away and , like all life has been treated , <unk> all the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were up the last networks , but they had been working from the one one .
In the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a refuge where the <unk> ' <unk> gave the victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who is going to be because of someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his bike , and he got <unk> our car and he played the window .
It asked us to take it on a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were getting away from the car , and asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we take the <unk> out of the way , and after walking around a time , we found that the path was devastated by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of the photos on my head as they put it in these waters up to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> journey ended up abruptly , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all filled with laborers .
A lot of women had children strapped to their backs , and as they were seeking gold , they walked into poison supplies of mercury .
mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a hole in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits are down to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags who are then going to be trucked out to another area where they 're going to be able to extract the gold .
At first sight , the site seems to be full of strong , <unk> men , but if you look closer , we see the way we see other less lucky and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully end up like this victim of tuberculosis and of mercury mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When her uncle died , he would promote the debt of the uncle , which force him to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , he had worked in the mines of 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors were saying to be a match .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's dreams of being released and educated with local activists , like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know we will bear witness to them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're from people , real people , as you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day what happens I do n't think about these so many beautiful , battered people , I 've had the great honor of knowing .
I hope that these images wake up a force in whom you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force light up a fire and that fire would light light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make applied math and there 's a particular problem for whom it does , we 're like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today I 'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do .
dance is one of the most human activities .
We were doing the <unk> and <unk> dancers that we 're going to see later .
But the ballet is an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroy gradually this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> who , in his time , was a virtuous dancing dancer .
In the last few years , it 's been progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we 're going to know if there is actually a cure when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement , no biological markers , so they do n't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic doing it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
You would n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in a neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a unconventional form to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds , and we can imagine as a vocal ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's , it affects the limbs , also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom plot , you can see an example of irregular shake of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal , vocal , stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . Both of the existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole host of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but in addition to exams that are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the follow-up follow-up .
With high monitoring , we could actually get goals .
We could do a low-cost massive recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first <unk> of disease before it 's too late .
So by giving today the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Parkinson 's Parkinson 's .
<unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call under price and leaving recordings over a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all of these samples from , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's right ?
What are you going to take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not get it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> the confusion factors in pursuit of the real disease .
TR : Do they have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now it 's shown that it works on mobile phone network as well , what we 're going to do on the project . We have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> , gray creatures .
We 're going into the darkness , in rooms without windows and , usually , avoid sunlight .
We make the thin thin models , the perfect skin even more perfect is we do the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of the images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Little time later , an organization where it was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little <unk> village in <unk> of <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet high and over three kilometers underground .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We take away from the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
We had schools . We removed the slime , and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten local factory .
We were shocked and loved it .
For weeks , volunteers like neighbors found things like that .
They found photos and photographs out of photos and cameras and cards .
They all did the same thing .
They 're going to take them and take them to different places of the villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those photos represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
As they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of the village to flush the village .
It helped clean up the communal bathrooms , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of throwing pick up pictures .
There they were carried out and had the honor of that day to be able to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some who had more than a hundred years old , some were still in the lab in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started experimenting with the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too much spoiled , but where the water had taken off the face of the child , it was very accurately and carefully .
Otherwise , that little girl would not look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over time , they came up with more pictures , and they took more <unk> , and they took it into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people <unk> to join .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize ourselves to <unk> , a neighbor town north of <unk> .
Once we use our scanner to use our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could make an hour . It could a weeks for weeks .
It could make a few months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed .
I took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered with algae , with algae , even with oil , all of that along with time I continue to <unk> it was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was clean , dry , and had been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky with cleaning them .
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt the pictures that are already damaged .
As once once said <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos .
He had started to <unk> herself , but he stopped when he realized it would hurt them even more .
It also had replication .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to reconstruct , we were able to give it the images in a single picture , and a <unk> picture .
When I picked up their pictures , they shared something from their story with us .
A fellow of her husband found the photos in a fire station in the rubble quite far away from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues would recognize him .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I handed her photos his youngest son was 14 .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to see , something that could remember from the past that was not been beaten on that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined there with hundreds of them , they helped us to clean hands over 135 photographs , most of them -- the vast majority of the hands of their owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world , they helped back back to 90 families , fully <unk> and <unk> .
For this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , a loved one .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would have , but the first thing that we 're going to do to look for .
So this was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , of bringing back to someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , to bring something back back , using their talent to something that are not very thin skin models .
In closing I 'd like to read this email . He emailed him the day he came back from Japan after six months .
As long as <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about the people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , was moved to me , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , I and my newborn daughter , hang out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all the small needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of one bullet who 's going through an apple in a single millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go one million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique so fast that can create a slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenge really the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it on and <unk> it in a <unk> <unk> , and it is , in several <unk> , create a <unk> package of just a millimeter wide .
And that photons package , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this sort of package of photons and fire into this bottle , how are those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this is happening in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola is not going to get this research . There are lots of things in this film ; it 's going to be able to show you what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a <unk> package that starts to <unk> and that , inside , starts <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started looking at these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cover , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a <unk> air that bounces inside .
At that time , waves travel down the table and because of the thoughts of the top of the bottle , after several boxes , that the thoughts are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and ordinary bullet , and we make it the same distance , and we see it in slow to about 10 billion times , how much they think would lead us to see that film ?
One day ? In fact , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow bullet film .
And what about a dead nature ?
You can see the waves that get rid of the table , the tomato and the wall .
It 's like throwing a stone in a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at once this tomato , you 'll notice that as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still brilliant . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and light bounces off , and it 's going back after several <unk> of second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you 'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a photo at low exhibition , it goes into very little light .
But we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get something out of light .
We send that bullet out , that <unk> package , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly sync , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and it 's very much interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow you to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . <unk> , go into the room , you 're going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple bounces of light .
It 's not science fiction . We already built it .
On the left , there 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works this way from fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to how far it is .
projecting a laser can make a national picture , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we be able to see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions of what 's going on on the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in the dangerous conditions looking at the reflected light on the open window .
Or we could build <unk> capable of looking at the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality that are visualization to solve the health issues in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , turned the science in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected is not just for scientific views , but we can see we can .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and colored code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a few <unk> of a second .
But there 's also a lot of fun here .
If you look at the waves under the top , you 're going to go away from us .
<unk> should be moving towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . But Einstein would have loved this image .
The order in which the events happen in the world sometimes is invested in front of the camera .
It will take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can be a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , put it to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and alive in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine all these people gathering that they were looking for a change , they had a mobile phone .
Who is a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones . <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> data lines .
Data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the E.U . filed a directive .
The <unk> of <unk> .
This directive says that every single telephone company , every Internet provider , has to store a whole range of information from users of users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sent a text to who .
And if we use the mobile , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and two years , in his phone company or his Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retention .
We want your self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers , stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please give me all the information you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're my life my life .
So I decided to make a law demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
In the end , I remember an agreement .
<unk> demand , and they send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U . directive .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> 30 lines of information .
And I first saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
I was a bit skeptical : What should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom out and zoom in , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see what I 'm going to do on a train train , and how often I call the journey .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a little bit scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends and they 're called them .
And then one called the other , and the other one , and we end up with this big network of communications .
You can see how their people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who gives you an email to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone .
And he would have known who I was involved in this protest , and if he had known who the leaders were , it never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened .
And as a result , neither of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you come home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not in fashion .
When you go home , tell your representative of them who just because business agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what 's stored from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that helps you to remember that you have to fight for your self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
Not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me the world .
I 'm going to call my mom six times in six different directions , let me go to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I 've got cerebral palsy , so I 'll keep it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
The P. C. It 's not genetic .
It 's not <unk> or contract .
Nobody <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like which I was born at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
He feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they want to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas at Christmas , they 're in the mall , they 're driving in circles in search for parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C is just one of them .
If there is a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I am Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always love that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't be . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; you can do it ; you can dance . ''
If my three older sisters , I was wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents <unk> to the school system , and they would tell me that I was also , and if we did n't take out all of the top of my mother , all there was my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the five years by putting my feet on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang out a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of strokes .
Growing up , there were only six Arabic in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , and I think nobody realized we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate to Muslims '' as a motto .
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed to be a lot of fun dying during the <unk> .
I was telling them that he had enough fat to live three whole months without eating , so they speed at dusk at dusk is very easy .
I danced covered on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with high heels , so I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used to high heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we did n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we were faced with Madonna .
On summer vacation often my father was trying to <unk> , so I was drinking milk , they put me cold cups on my back , <unk> me in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> me , and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before you do yoga it was a <unk> comedian that I could n't stand up .
And now I stand on your head .
My parents -- this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a grant for the <unk> , the State of Arizona , because it was in all <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the least intelligent tasks , I took the note top in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo , my <unk> teachers .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called dance , very slow dance at Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'll finally have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
Just free ! Just free !
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm just free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him the Brown .
I went to <unk> to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that she could n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disabilities for disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I came home , and my first <unk> tour was like an extra gun on a soap .
My dream came true .
And I knew it would be a `` companion '' `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stood there like a vase , I would n't see me more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> of <unk> , <unk> actors , not white , with disabilities .
Just let perfect people perfect .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : They were comedians .
So I made myself <unk> .
On my first tour , I took New York comics from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comical that took when he fell at the realization that he was going high at the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs in the entire United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and no veil .
Some people say I am the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I do know you never heard that little nasty sound that says that women are not fun , and they find us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at the same time I remind the guidance directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs were much easier than fighting the stigma challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like I was invited to the news program by wire Matters behind with Keith <unk> .
I went in as if I went to a graduate school dance , I joined a studio and sat down in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
And she looked at me and he said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I clung to the presenter desk to not get out of the screen over the screen , and when I finished the interview , it was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't get me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back back to having me , but she was like <unk> <unk> and pasted my chair .
Something like a lot of fun that I learned live with Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are cured .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never got to me or a little girl and older .
All of a sudden , my online disability became teased .
I saw clips online , like , `` Why do I <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : Poor terrorist <unk> .
What disease has it ?
We really should pray for it . ''
An commentator suggested even to add my disability to my resume : writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't make it <unk> , then you ca n't do somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , applaud , man . Come on .
The disabled is the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , we have grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the lack of soap , Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act in a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , amazing Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world , `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great New Jersey state in 2008 .
And I started `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity , to give the children refugees , Palestinian children , a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting on live , and I devote her to his memory .
Look at peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are close to <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and the verge of starvation .
Without anything for him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunities , there 's no job perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day , you 're going to give it to lunch , you give him to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people who give a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new laundry , money to send home , to her family .
He presented a young man .
Finally comes home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life target .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child of that little village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a terrorist organization , connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting for him .
I was waiting for a chance , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban youth who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity , jobs , well-being , but young people are not participating in their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people who live in cities are under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , violence , to gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital I was thinking , and if I would never go ?
What if I 'd been forced to be in that same `` Wait period '' ?
Would it have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor a few juvenile leaders at a business summit .
They went back to about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rainwater of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , she graduated .
There was no job , no opportunities .
I remember when he told me , because I was a graduate student , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white target to al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to hit point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and the rose .
He started a motorcycle company .
It started just <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this different story ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's entrepreneurship , and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> of waiting .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are desperately seeking .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping to train some of the young people at the pinnacle of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and so far , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were out of plastic from the foreigner .
If you beat somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
Then Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started an floral design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , which he said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first <unk> public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the pink pink .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the major challenges facing the city .
They do business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people and create a social spirit culture is really a great step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and set out their business .
<unk> the young people with the resources they need , we need the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , entrepreneurship is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
The Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , it will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep motorcycles for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the `` <unk> period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : turn young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about <unk> and Parks Parks that <unk> and `` periods of waiting . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of the New York state .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun made the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the path we were still , almost we can pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We hit our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful film lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , about four square feet , with rotten feet of rotten meat balls from aluminum balls , and shoe old .
And I was shocked , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> they were too lazy to take out what they had brought out , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
And that question followed with me , and they got a little bit bored .
Who clean it ?
Does n't you matter how to organize or where you 're going to put the `` our own , '' who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean it in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our garbage , by the reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to meet you as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and walked along the road and interviewed people in office and installations throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go into more .
So , I started working like <unk> .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And he operated the mechanical <unk> and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as mainstream as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs much to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for a number of years and their bodies still kept on the weight of getting on their body tons of garbage every week .
There is also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and moving in traffic all day and pass around around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the back of the truck , you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a way of breathing or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And the stigma is also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that the gatherers of waste are the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They are the first guardians of public health .
If you do n't get rid of waste in the waste , and that 's effective , every day , this starts to <unk> its container and its dangers inherent in very real ways .
Disease we had controlled for decades , and centuries back and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the engines of economics begin to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed rate necessary .
With that , I mean by simply at the speed that we get used to move out in contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , they do n't care , we cleaned up or we carry our cup of coffee , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we pull them , we forget about them , because we know there 's a force force on the other side that will take to that .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about garbage collection that might help reduce the stigma and make them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow should always stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a <unk> truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running down , and there was a man doing his way collection of paper like he did all Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Soon after that , I started investigating the pack of waste , and I came back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that <unk> was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to embrace and have to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next thing you see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life , forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , and my team , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city that we realized there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large shops in which people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the coat of crystals generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And third , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place that rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually really hooked with the old market that is in the open-air structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge came to the survey , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the inputs in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that <unk> , in its own shape , sunlight and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do you close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that was going on to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a fabric that was similar to a concrete <unk> shell to allow the air entry , and also in a sense of light .
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that use light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the day there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we get a big advantage by putting on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting meeting and bars that would create this oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , that together collect water for the inner inside .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're going through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan from 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to do a big project , the biggest that I 've been designed , I needed not just understanding the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure of a thousand years that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of <unk> access by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the streets in existing , creating 12 similar blocks , similar to the size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected to straight lines , and that altered the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , as the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in <unk> climate ?
And it 's a result , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we had a framework that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then in the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that they set up greater density at higher levels and density density .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community giving space , the busy construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do activities such as running a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to design process .
And in addition , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little <unk> , cute , cute for the capitals of the states , very good at <unk> .
And I ended that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I had my ominous plan .
I was a time after the school out of school , I was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , took off the table of my teacher 's book .
And then I did .
I took the ratings out of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All right , and I signed the book back to the drawer , but to see , some of my other classmates were very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , we would take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
And I put them all rows of <unk> and myself a row out of this way , just because I could ...
I 'm still amazed at what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught up .
It was all obvious <unk> .
They never found me .
But most of all , I 'm going to give you the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I became the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also . <unk> birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouse in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to analyze the loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to the fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that the jealousy are in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's hyperbole to say that if you could n't have jealousy , there would be neither any literature .
Well , there would be no explosives , I would n't have to `` Odyssey . ''
There are no king jealous , `` <unk> and a night . ''
There are no Shakespeare .
I read the high school lists in high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there was no Gatsby , and `` Party . '' `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , they 're not Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost all .
This year it 's 100 years from his masterpiece , `` For the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , all of mine , all that we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details <unk> , right ?
We thought about a child trying to get asleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy and jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their impediments , are a good narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what the details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy do all <unk> us , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me another one , maybe right now . ''
And he starts saying that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in their lover , he adds up to their collection of Torture instruments in their private chamber .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power them .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy will get rid of information .
The jealousy use details .
By jealousy , they like large amounts of hair , bright and cute little <unk> .
The jealousy would fall out of photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful ; Proust links right now , the language of jealousy and jealousy .
When <unk> is in his jealousy agony , he 's suddenly listening to the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` It 's a scientific research with real value . ''
Proust 's trying to prove that jealousy looks like <unk> , and they make them seem <unk> , but in their heart , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , really painful . In fact , what they 're talking about , the more painful truth .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the tracks towards wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` One woman whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to a range of much deeper feelings and more vital than a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Is it telling us we 're going to look for women cruel ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
And there 's some other emotion that we can open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion to us , our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was being used by the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get away from what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife was doing , without realizing , behaviors involuntary .
Would you <unk> too much ? Does n't you accidentally with a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels really describe very well how the jealousy make us to look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more jealous , the more jealous we are , we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , the jealousy lead us to do violent acts .
The jealousy drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about my eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman from Michigan of 52 years is captured by having created a false account on Facebook of which they 'd send a little bit horrible , horrible as a year .
For one year . A year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to tell you that when I or this , reacted with admiration .
Because let 's be realistic .
How big , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the jealousy realm , the membrane that separates what it could be , can be punch in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
So Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or wanting what you have to do of your self and you have to get away from what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , you take your rings , your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the <unk> route .
I ca n't give you everybody else , as much as I want to .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in terms of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where do the currency are envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not secure , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> Street and ask questions for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think of Holmes , he thinks at the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been talking about <unk> ] <unk> , the <unk> of the rat <unk> <unk> that needs desperately , needs October genius , but it bothers me .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it will <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and eventually in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' one time that uberPOOL goes into , <unk> all over his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there 's not a person in cafeterias , who did n't want to hold my hand .
It 's one of the times of the times of the times that we see Holmes in history . I find this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute , you 're on the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it even be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a geometry of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get them from the excellence of the other .
We can plug it up with it .
But I like on contingency plans .
So while we hope that 's going on , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the jealousy <unk> jealousy .
The fiction used to raise them , he invites them to the table .
And look what you 're like : <unk> <unk> , <unk> Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , Dr. Proust likes .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 , and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA 's spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
And she walked on his surface , which he was headed after Mr. Armstrong 's death after Armstrong 's death , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They were not a lot of back , <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynics answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words at Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why do turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why do n't scale the mountain higher ?
So 35 years ago , why do I fly over the Atlantic ?
Why do you play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West over the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the technology powers .
They were because it was something great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological victories .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , I had polio <unk> and eliminated smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` force <unk> . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with sailing , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew crew flew 40,000 miles away .
From 1970 , no human being ever returned to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism joyful about the power of technology has evaporated in it as the problems that we imagine that the technology would solve the <unk> , to create a clean energy , cure the cancer , or feed the world , appear to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to not look at the <unk> tube from the Saturn V rocket .
I knew that this would be the last mission of the moon , but I was completely sure that I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that from `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it over the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like the technologists would be distracted , and they had enriched them with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sell .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , who <unk> that have been created fewer ambitious companies that those of the years in which they are <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in concrete , the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that venture investment caused by creating ideas of ideas by funding , or even a false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
We were mostly mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak , not worrying about risk , small investments , lower investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest a benefit into technologies as energy , that they need a huge capital , and whose development is long-term , they have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems , because they do n't have an immediate value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But go to Mars , it would require a political decision , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global consumption is coming from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economical .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can be able to compete . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what political policies and treaties with the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of price control of the coal .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 'll see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that seemed technological , turn out not to be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure on the allocation of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are a political crisis that affects the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes give a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
The president Nixon has declared the cancer war in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer , some <unk> resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
Hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have been present , the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions have to support the solution ; it must actually be a technological problem , and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serving those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy that <unk> how hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we are missing .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> ideas that are about trust .
They are so common that they have become cliches .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the goal , I think , and the task has gone wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
So , they say , why do people think that trust has diminished ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that there may be diminished into some activities or institutions and that might have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to the opinion surveys , and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined .
When you look at the opinion surveys over time , there 's not many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue to inspire the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , and they 're still pretty reliable -- judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through the street .
But is this evidence enough ?
What polls in opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can they register ?
What you 're looking at are the generic attitudes that people are there when they make certain questions .
Do you trust politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Do you invest in the <unk> ?
Are you going to go on the fishermen ?
They were in elementary school teachers ? ''
I probably wanted to say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but others do n't . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit the confidence in a small way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official man , or a person or a person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain teacher of elementary school that I know to give the lecture of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop all that knowledge when we think of trust in the more abstract form ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they try to make the good judgment of the fact of trusting something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm going to do .
I will get more confidence in what is trust trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen on not trust what it is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were asking their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Whether or barred with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , well , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is to do a judgment on how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends that are competent and honest , but I do n't rely on them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they will make their own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say that I think I do n't have many friends that are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
Yes , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before trust .
Trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier the task to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember , once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes more time to make your administrative paperwork that attend it . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , that the accountability system which is destined to ensure trustworthiness and the tests of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they 're doing is hard the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` check the boxes '' as we say .
I 'm sure you 're all known examples .
Everything , all of that , by the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if they 're trying to be trustworthy , and we would encourage the people that we are trustworthy , and if you 're trying to determine whether other people , political officials are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , attitudes , which does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
They 're going to rebuild the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give you the bases enough so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick it , usually to all people , all the time .
But you also have to do some <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's all done every day , everywhere , the common people , the institutions , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple business example .
The tent where I buy my socks says I can bring them off without giving them explanation .
I take them and bring it back the money , or they change them through the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're pointing is is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how other people are worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've come to work for reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has gone down , increasingly , to such a extent that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass of a display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
I first created this tool that goes into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen is to transfer its physical body to pixels .
Designers can bring their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool , they break down the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science 's division of Science , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So , I combined a <unk> bombsight with a depth of depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now raise the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and taking pixels directly with your hands .
Like windows and files have a location in real space , it 's as easy as taking a shelf book .
You can flip through the book and highlight it lines , or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Of course , many of us will have bought and returned things along the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I 've got here is a virtual script on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would a future look like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer like users can move the object anywhere into this small three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was to ring up gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by designing the object , we release it out of the restrictions of time and space , which means that human movements can come up and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
They can be taught physically and distance from Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating than changing the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
And as you can see , digital information will not just show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without we have to embrace it .
We started talking today talking about a barrier , but if we suppressed that barrier , the only limit that remains our imagination .
Thank you .
I became a <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for all expenses costs .
But my mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
Then of surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only a accurate path toward happiness : a safe and well-educated job .
No matter if I 'd like it or not .
But my dream was to be an opera release singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
So , an opera singer has to start <unk> from a very young opera to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school director and the host of a radio program .
But there 's no adult to get it to the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supported by me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much higher to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I feared , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness is the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to find another calling .
No one does n't want to teach me ? OK .
Let 's go to books .
[ `` Ladies <unk> . '' <unk> -- aka Got <unk> ) [ `` <unk> Got <unk> ) [ `` <unk> Got <unk> '' ] [ `` The <unk> of History . ''
Those were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth is about life Chinese life .
It 's not propaganda propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this trap of <unk> , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
So for example , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
Never had occurred to me , that China did n't have to be at the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Modern reading is not new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There 's to fields of research as comparative literature and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ `` Prince Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' by David <unk> who were involved in himself or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation is economic and political and spiritual .
For Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- Interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Origin of Boston Tzu . '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Paper Path '' Alan <unk> ] rather than lost in translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know it 's not going to feel that alone or powerless .
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from , where passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
It can do that much for you .
And it 's because of books , I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first customer 's first customer .
I was a student PhD in clinical psychology at Berkeley .
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex .
Alex entered the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on the couch of my office , took my shoes off and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My class partner had a little customer .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought on the sessions , it made me easy just to move the head while they 're going to fix the solution .
`` The 30s are the new 20 , '' he said , Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start working later , you go home after , and you have kids later , until death happens .
For <unk> and I had plenty of time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his love life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with the guys under their category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor , said , `` Not yet , but maybe you get married .
In addition , the best time to work in Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what it used to be used , but this did n't do that Alex was a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex was the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not just to Alex and his loving life , but for the racing , the families and the future of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think that no one gets to adulthood , and it 's not going to happen before you get them .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you remove a 20-year-old , I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at the age of 35 .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' that give your life way to your life , you 've got to have 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they gain .
We know more than half of the Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and the last stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something they want to change themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during its <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that the female fertility gets to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the time to get educated on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily and common life has a <unk> impact on the person they 'll become .
But what we do n't hear often is there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the time of adulthood .
The researchers call the extended adolescence .
journalists would hate <unk> names as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what it is actually the decade of age .
Leonard Bernstein said that to get big stuff , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think when you pat a 20-year-old person in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , interesting things like you or your children and children come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , all being good . ''
But then it starts going to sound like this , `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I was better documented the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts going to sound like this , `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the chairs of the chairs .
They were all running around , but then at some point around 30 , the music turned off and all started sitting .
I did n't want to be the only one who was going to be left , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when she was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on your 30s , and so many of you start a career , pick a town , pick a couple , and have two or three children in a long period of time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing all of the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it could be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having a identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but he could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more than ambition .
And despite living very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even more difficult .
They were frequently often on our sessions , but then she would get up for themselves to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day she got his head on his legs and cried for almost all the time .
And I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
And I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I got cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that really was worried .
She needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as to just sit in front of her life .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman deserves to know .
First , I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's race , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital creates an identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to test .
I 'm not rejecting the <unk> exploration , and I 'm crossing the exploration that should not count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited by how much they know , what they know , how they think , how they 're talking about , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the outside of its closest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak ties of friends from their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or they do n't have any work .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we get to this group .
The middle of the work created never publish , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon attached to his family , when she has a couple and it form their own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit on your 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in right now or now , when you 're all on Facebook , you start walking to the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what you want instead of just making it work or kill the whoever I choose to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate 's room who was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That offer of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend of the living .
Now , five years later , it 's special to events in museums .
She 's married to a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I send me a letter that said , `` Now , the emergency gun spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that go out from the Los Angeles airport , which come somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a slight slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the years to even the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their old age , and get your identity capital , get your weak bond , you choose your family .
Do n't let you define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very week of management management management for a job that was even more picky about : faculty .
I went to teach students for seventh grade in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied testing and testing .
I gave them homework .
When the job came back , we would take the grades .
What struck me is that I.Q . was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of the people who had a better performance had no I.Q for I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that made me think .
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for long enough .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a <unk> perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the West Academy West Point .
We tried to predict what we 're going to do with the military training in military training , and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were going to do as far as possible in the competition .
We are looking at teachers working in the tough neighborhoods , and we 're going to tell you what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the best effective to improve the learning results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking yourself , which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those different contexts , we came up with a feature as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
The determination is clinging to its future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future a reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of school students to do my questionnaires questionnaires and then waiting around more than a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher chance of graduate , even when I paired them in every characteristic I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized evidence , even the security results that felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point , or in the National <unk> of <unk> where determination and determination is also in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you development the determination for children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard ethic of work ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent is not giving them purpose .
Our data show very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are just not going on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , we 're often not related , or is even related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing the determination of children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to stutter when they fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end up my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , get it wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids are more determined .
Thank you .
He <unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was encouraged by this incredible language .
But for a foreign , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language sophisticated .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw every single character of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simpler way .
A Chinese academic , <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understanding the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers .
I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was screaming down , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally from the form of it , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old west .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so they create many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot . '' Easy to remember , because a tree <unk> is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it gets very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , is the fence of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played someone home ?
This person is coming out of a door , <unk> , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , get care , adultery .
So we 've already spent about 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight stranger will let you build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing as a eight-year-old learn .
So after knowing the characters , we began to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two stacked mountains over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become out .
A mouth that tells you to where you 're going to get out .
This is a slide for remind me that I should stop talking and come down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I 'm going to see .
I love sharing my favorite films with my children , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the Wizard of Oz together .
The movie mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex show for child fantasy .
The magician 's magician was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took its boom 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> kid who was <unk> to a girl dressed up as the enemy .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're salvation , you 're salvation like prophecy .
You use my magic shoes to defeat the armies , they created a computer of <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters , wise characters and even villains are women .
I started noticing this when I did `` Star Wars ] my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the <unk> level had gone down , so slid the room , and he was impressed as a foot of his stones with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , he did n't think he understood everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be themes of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Does it mean that Luke got an army to overthrowing the government ?
So contrast this with the 1939 magician .
How can Dorothy his film ?
In doing good <unk> with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow in Oz , right ? And not a world of men fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there such as much as an F capital , force in the movies for our children , and so little on the yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how children react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that the <unk> princess does n't provide the right frame that had been served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed up . I think , at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the parties to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job in teaching girls how to defend girls in the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend themselves in the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being film movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classical after classical people , each of them about the adventures of a child , or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking about this year , it finally came out by <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in shops .
Remember what the criticism said when he came out by <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a princess film .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop !
Well , almost none of these films happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's not yet yet rooted and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that you need to be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else besides the kid you like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you . Thank you .
Two women that exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I very rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , office success , a consensus idea of what 's a <unk> movie .
Virtually , it 's not the proof of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostages crisis .
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's get it in the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular films , how many of them do they think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that is going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that government had done .
This is what I said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in their life .
I do n't think it 's the guilt of mass entertainment .
I do n't even think the movies for kids to do with that .
I do n't think music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there 's a lot of sexual activity .
Who are those guys ? What are you learning ?
What do n't they get to learn ?
They 're telling the story saying that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't speak ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to <unk> .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> , is going to <unk> whether , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and I mean mainly the parents .
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home that you care about home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character for `` Star Wars , '' you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What 's in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that they know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of story for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories about the ones who tell my son : Go go to my son , and more stories where you see their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a little girl , I was living in Maine and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to for them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me do this .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I 'll see with my own eyes not enough .
Because suddenly in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of 50 miles long with the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
In order to try and make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt capital for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Empire the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , which is actually inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge , massive cutting thing .
This area is enormous , it 's about six per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , he moved on to this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
Trying to find that chance would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So we use data NASA data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile will do .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians by making sampling jobs ; you can see it here .
When I 'm saying , it 's like the shots of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick sheet of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery with pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a occupation of occupation that date back from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period as we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs ; they 're going down , and he 's going to go up and quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones that used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that comes back from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find it here , but we 're going to turn it into a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the highest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the ground .
So apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas actually happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
He does search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made of .
Now we 've got a group of <unk> obese and bicycles .
They 're competing in a bicycle bike race , and they go in direction to their entry door .
I need you to see this .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're jumping around .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , the hallway , or what 's going on to the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light shines on the <unk> of <unk> .
You 're waving with your hand .
It 's on a brown horse .
It 's a horse speech .
You can feel your blue coat clicking on tickling .
You can smell the oats and you 're going to go into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and trained their living room .
In the room , and making use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his coffee table , singing , `` <unk> me Baby One Time . ''
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a camera of yellow bricks and from the oven coming up to you Dorothy , <unk> Man , <unk> and Len 's Wizard of Oz , <unk> out of your hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them once .
They were talking the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
We taught entire poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could <unk> the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people have to be nature 's phenomena .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody involved in this competition say that they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques , invented two thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics were used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did you have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English English , although a little bit <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of house house on national television .
That will prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Do you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the year after the next year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't sometimes work and what their potential is .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see how our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of Key Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went together in the public library in the Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I come back , it 's a number of treaties on the written memory , which makes something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having <unk> , disciplined and born was not such a rare thing as you can find it today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they also have changed .
They have changed culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us as well .
As we almost have no need to remember , sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people through this idea of a trained , disciplined memory is this remarkable memory of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there 's skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , and I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College from London invited a group of memory champions to the lab .
They wanted to know : Will it have brains in some ways , structural , <unk> different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more smart than the rest ?
They gave them a battery of cognitive test , and the answer was actually no .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory and the subjects of control that you compared them .
When they put them in an fMRI machine , they would <unk> their brains as they took numbers , faces and shapes of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they have different parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorizing is being driven as an armed career in where every year comes someone in a new way to remember more things , and then the rest of the competitors should be on the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> from so messy letters that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he 's only mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of random known digits .
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used in the end is just reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox : I say two people who remember the same word . I tell you , `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's one `` <unk> . '' baker .
And when I go back later , and I ask them `` Remember that word I told you about a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to remember , that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name Baker , it really does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories they dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use <unk> white hats .
They have flour in hands .
It 's good when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you take that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this dates back two thousand years in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palazzo palace . ''
The story says , `` There was a poet called <unk> who went to a potluck .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't have a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up . He stood up his memory poem , and left , and so soon he was , the room of the table collapsed .
They killing everyone .
But not only killed everybody , but it shattered the bodies , and I had to keep them out .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So they could n't be able to <unk> the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only <unk> , in the middle of the rubble , closed his eyes and realized that with his mind 's eyes , I could see where I had been sitting in a guest .
I took the relatives of his hand <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> events at that point is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual and spatial memory .
If I had to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them very hard to do it .
But I 'm willing to bet that if you asked them to say who I was sitting on the horse on the horse <unk> in their lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember : the more crazy , the crazy , a funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> image , the most haunting picture .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory , the same way that I would have done him if they had been invited to <unk> years ago .
What you could do is imagine that they 're on the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolute <unk> , crazy and unforgettable picture to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine walking into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> , up on Mr. Ed .
And you remember that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that you want to count .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse you , but typical in typical .
In fact , the typical term , comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people were thinking about the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space space .
The phrase `` first , '' would be like the first place in his courthouse .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got out of it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something large about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that memory competition is an adult event boring .
Seriously , it 's like to see a lot of people sitting here taking tests . I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone got up the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just training the memory .
What 's really about doing is to make more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous images , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a lot of security glasses by leaving two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . He had the idea that I could join , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve a good appreciation for my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something I did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be putting up to build out of the memory or <unk> of cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The memory palace -- these memory memory , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
They 've got a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of them is not <unk> out there .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks our side to our side . We will be so <unk> that we would n't even be able to process it deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that you remember remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of architecture 's history .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 've got only a complex place -- New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from beloved Jersey , I was six years old and lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there everybody spent the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , they 'd all see me , and every time I got back and I would wrapped up on a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like this .
It was clumsy , insecure and I hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , nor division of areas , but of those visceral , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel that way , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , American Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under the ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines in ways that we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
So this means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you : `` power , '' `` stability '' and `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it by based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> using architects to create an emotional connection in the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museum .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , stable , solid , face the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building stuff is frightening .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people they build . The <unk> and the governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , and in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome -- it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that let you <unk> what you 're talking about to communicate with this building : the children , the values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , was finished another library , which looks like this .
He 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to come together and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new cats , new solutions for the current life forms .
<unk> , we would try and push it so much , that we get completely away from people .
All of the black , this gets us depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no other option .
We need to go on the other side and back to those symbols , appreciated that .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we started to experience again , we 're trying to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came up from the 1970s .
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale dehumanizing .
Something really hard .
So , we 're approaching the '80s , and we started embracing those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that like and <unk> .
<unk> neon and we would use bake new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets <unk> , and we became skyscrapers , which can be medieval companies made from glass .
The forms are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
There are also grown up to the size of buildings .
Crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasy .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or to the Italian .
And maybe with an endless amount of sticks .
This is what happens with the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , <unk> memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started trying to swing the pendulum back into the other direction .
In the 1980s , and in the early '80s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're completely excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this is opened this building .
It 's the Guggenheim from Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and general public and general public were agreed about a building .
The New York Times <unk> this miracle construction .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 and a 2,500 percent .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical , how can it be possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
Same mayors did the main mayors in the world .
So they all believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium went with other star architects .
And I went to Declaration and Libeskind , and what happened with these very few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started going through all the architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how do they use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have been walking to the next village to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
The technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers in architecture , and the building carries beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It does n't take a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if the one I designed about four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture , from steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster to get to both extremes , almost simultaneously , and it will effectively make the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make almost instant symbols , with emotional load , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building called fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire in the New York state .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and like the drawings looked exactly the final product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to get and shared it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you made of the building .
And as you use them to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that 's doing <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second on those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we would go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation and innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell you that there 's no unique answer to what a library can be .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that are using <unk> words and complicated pictures , and one is no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you do n't leave the architecture to intimidate .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that society faces .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad imitation of red brick <unk> in ideas of what a stadium should be .
So this means that robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings will be attributed to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream about swimming on the East River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars of the united community around that cause , it 's no longer a customer .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as <unk> as the animals you 're going to see .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects are already aware of how to make more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for everybody .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do n't only reflect our society , but they shape the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the walk to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just came a year and started walking .
And it makes it so great , a typical year of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When do I do this ? ''
How do we suddenly be happy with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , she just wants to be loved and to fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit scary , it 's a little confused because , even though her mom tells him all the time he 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says it 's ugly .
Among their mom tells him and what his friends , or coworkers of school said , does n't know who to believe .
So it 's a video of her , he publishes it on YouTube , and he calls others who please leave a comment , `` Am I nice or I am a bad man ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , and it 's not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , ordinary teenager , who gets these answers at one of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what are you doing this ?
Well , the teenagers today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like '' -- commenting , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , very young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that you go from hand with that are cool .
This environment , of being always connected , is attached to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is n't .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What 's the highlight of someone 's life in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the girls ' covers .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the ones of the superheroes stars , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we surely want our kids to grow healthy and they are good individuals .
But in an obsessed culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , at all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six out of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they 're not looking enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings , and as a human organization to the working society .
<unk> percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to engage in arguments in the classroom because they do n't want to attract attention to their physical appearance .
One of five are not attending classes at all over the days when they do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the event of testing , if you do n't think that you look good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're fine enough , you 'll get a smaller note on the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it gives you regardless of what they actually weigh these young people .
So , in order to be very clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The self-esteem on your body is <unk> organic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participating in more diet wo n't healthy you can take you into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They are more easily correlated by people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about what it makes more risky decisions , like consumption of alcohol and drug consumption , diets , static surgery , static surgery , sex sexual activity , and without protection and damage and damage .
The search of the perfect body is pushing the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of taxpayer .
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day that they do n't feel secure with the way they look .
Think of what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that chance be ?
This potential is from interest to each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we need to instill trust in its own body .
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was shocked when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our kids continue to not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are crucial points for anyone who are willing to provide an education in your body self-esteem .
One education is fundamental , but deal with this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat in the matter and we 're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
They challenge the current status of how women are seen and talked about our circles .
It 's not good to have the contribution from our politicians in slices of hair or the size of their breasts , or assumed that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people so they are , not as they look .
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was it the last time that you would have a mirror ?
In short , we need to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to change our own culture , for our children to grow their entire person to valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
For making a difference in the real world , let 's make them out of the great screen because we 're just going to create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see that they 're never going to be who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have you in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
It could just be the woman who 's in two car seats , what it would mean for her whether to be released from that <unk> voice , who haunts him not having long legs , God more slim , smaller <unk> , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and we would unlock his potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us up to everybody .
But let 's give our kids the truth .
So let 's assume that the way you see it is just one part of your identity , and the truth is that we love those who are and what they do , and for how they make us feel .
<unk> self-esteem into our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year old today , they become <unk> agents of themselves .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a guy named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by the Rabbi Meir Red , the Chief Minister of Defense <unk> .
At first initially , they could be innocent , but he was in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started planning out to plan out to about 12 cones from New York City , including tunnels , synagogues .
So luckily , those plans were attached by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the pump of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't avoid it .
Later he would be convicted of his participation in that attack .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a love of American school , teacher school , <unk> school , had all possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims get to know .
For experience , when people take time to interact , it does n't need a lot to be able to wish for the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are <unk> so <unk> to their convictions that thinks that we have to use all the possible means for everyone living as them .
A few months before I arrest him , he sat down with me and explained that in the last week , he and some friends , they had been to shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was filled with the FBI .
When I was shot , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and explained to me how to point to the target at about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot was given to the little orange light on the target and , for surprise of all , especially me , the whole goal broke on fire .
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a father , such a son .
And all , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> with 700 pounds of explosives on the underground tower of the North World tower Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone , it was time to pack and leave another city .
As I was always my new face of the class , I was often a <unk> victim .
It was secret to my identity to avoid being the white , but it 's going to be the new kind of <unk> , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time was going on home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't develop social skills , to speak softly . It was <unk> under <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera by judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested to test , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program I was involved in at the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group became <unk> in the subject of youthful violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> my life , was something that I felt a lot about .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids we had been able to friendship , I was Jewish .
And I took several days out of light this detail , and I realized there was nothing between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was proud to have been able to defeat the barrier that all of life had been asked to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial time came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures -- that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical that I had seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people , exactly the way I have wanted to be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's about being homosexual , but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart was going to be honest with my <unk> , and I was helping to see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my highlight figure at a moment that I was desperately desperate .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had a better scientist in my life than my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
And she looked at me with a tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside you .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed it when my family decided to break my father with my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and get into a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who 's going to lead to the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I was headed to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a big fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and for terrible pain and loss that terrorism have been produced in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism to speak , against these meaningless acts , as rejection in my father 's actions .
With this simplicity as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you everyone . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in their minds .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and you have <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood , you 're going to project yourself .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thought of thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experiences all live .
This film is your awareness stream , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an inner inner movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a consciousness .
I have no certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these films inside ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're getting to produce results without experiencing the internal film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because in almost the entire 20th century , we would take that vision .
Now , psychology studying objectively behavior , neuroscience studying brain brains , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's the time for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness 's science in recent years was searching for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel happy about it .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science science .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experience , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that to say that this kind of work in neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to consciousness . The questions that make certain areas of the brain and what has correlated .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I do n't offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there is no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the central mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal film movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , `` Let 's give the neuroscience . ''
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how the traffic operate , how they work the hurricanes , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about the target operation .
So that could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart of a heart of heart .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , he would hit me my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms , which would work .
But in the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get stuck at this point .
We have a wonderful explanations , great explanations . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to hold that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think that consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning to start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Her crazy idea is that there is n't such a hard problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the internal film movie includes sort of an illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you have to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and this is studying everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of a purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is quite close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't tell you in terms of any more basic laws .
Instead , they 're fundamental , and that 's where the world is constructed .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's found that you ca n't explain the electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that causes govern .
I think that 's the situation we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by logic , you have to fill the list .
The most natural would be worthy of awareness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the way to scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could in one shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' for everyone , `` <unk> , '' every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not the photons to be smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy to you .
How did anyone think about something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea looks like <unk> , it 's much less for the people in different cultures , where the human mind seems to be a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that <unk> the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's consciousness processing .
Now , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it 's like a human , a human consciousness .
Now , I mean simple , simple consciousness .
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has an mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information in a system .
And it 's supposed to be about consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle level of information integration , very significant , almost important consciousness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> gets <unk> .
The level of information integration is smaller , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It actually offers a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
In addition , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using lots of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality that underlies it .
Like , Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire of equations out ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , they describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found outside the physical world as an additive sort of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to <unk> our relationship with nature , and it can have very serious ethical and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that was consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
And I think by thinking about it , this tends to transform your views , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral considerations , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask the awareness of other systems , like computers .
What about Samantha intelligence system in Samantha 's movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have some pretty serious ethical problems about the development of the development of intelligent computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has their own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now , we have a collective TED consciousness , an internal film for this complete TED group , different from the internal movies in each other ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least it 's a question you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical view , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that the second one , which is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex conscience we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a serious consciousness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't do that overnight .
But I think we will finally discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , my friends , my friends , my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a community of my community came up to my parents because he wanted to be <unk> for a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's hair 's <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` <unk> the <unk> . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing like a achievement if we take disability outside of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in Melbourne in Melbourne in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at the middle class of <unk> , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had experienced people with disabilities as an inspiration object .
And we 're not . And it 's not the kid 's fault ; that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage , I 'm going to show you what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'd very excited about it .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they have been lied to disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing , by capital , a capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : before I leave , <unk> !
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , a little girl with a little girl drawing with a pen by the mouth .
You may have seen a little kid running with the carbon fiber <unk> .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term deliberately , because it 's attached to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we would get the disabled to benefit from people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is inspire them , to motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person ?
I 've lost the number of times the number of times that have been approached by strangers to express that they believe that I am brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I was getting excited by getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are affecting people with disabilities in benefit from people without disabilities .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled person is really hard .
Let 's do some things .
But the things that we 're doing is not the things that you might think about .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` severe people , '' because I 'm going to tell you the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in , because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited with him .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of its ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside of the common .
They 're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability .
So is it really right at the way that we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they 've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
And I 'm here inspired the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know that I am .
I 'm talking about other disabled people at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I 'm learning that this is a great idea to use a lovely idea of barbecue , to collect the things that fall down . I 'm a kid , and I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the phone phone battery on the chair .
Great .
We learn about the strength and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> .
I really believe that the lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disabilities .
A bunch of smiles on a stretch of stairs has never done it to become a ramp .
Never . Let 's go on to a television screen , I wo n't show the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of an bookstore , and fundamentally , positive attitude to that braille books .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' ca n't be considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people who have disabilities to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a kid at the 11 grade school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a <unk> user .
Disability does not make us remarkable , but to question what you think about , I know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
What is the average rate of a swallow swallow ?
Unfortunately , today I 'll just answer one of those questions , so , please , you do n't get away .
When people think about augmented reality , thinking about `` Minority Report '' and by Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know , because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So , how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass glasses .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
I 'll allow you to experience what a professional athlete is to be in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and know what it 's running through the field of the <unk> at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting the ears .
We can know that it feels like a man from 110 pounds of 110 <unk> , trying to <unk> it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
I 'd come up with some videos to show you what 's wearing Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not pictures of the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible .
Wait a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You 'll have realized that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : 54 54 ! Yesterday 54 !
Eight , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being at the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
from a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we come from full , how do we take it the next level ?
We took it to that level , using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many of you know .
The Great Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a mountain in a rollercoaster to be hanging out by his life .
What would be the experience of a fan when you put a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , throwing a <unk> with the arm before we run and make a notation of a fan of a fan of a fan .
When can it be a <unk> running through the court , launching the ball on the bottom of the network , or do you get a Wimbledon stick ?
What 's your experience when it goes from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe they were getting rid of her diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when coaches , <unk> and owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick review on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore ratings put a <unk> to their field <unk> and play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the helmets of the fields of the countryside , and after the ones of the defenses .
They had more <unk> because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next hand , you show you in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you carry on . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a hand .
Or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And coaches want it because they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategies manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner corner , having a view from the people 's top .
You also get information from the headset and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information would send you to your players .
The good teams will know to send it .
evil will have information overload .
This is going to be fed up with the good equipment of bad people .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts and analytics stop being just for nerds .
I 'll be also for sportsmen . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
You know the ball and <unk> .
Let 's move on to an open receiver , all of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight , and you 'll tell you that a defense behind you will <unk> . I usually do n't know it , but the <unk> system will be placed .
It protects the area of protection .
The other flashlight with you , you know , there 's an open recipient .
You throw out the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees in its bombsight a patch of grass lights up and can modify the race .
This is coming up , it grabbed the ball , it runs and puts it .
The audience crazy and fans have continued to move it from each angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to do a lot of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport , because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy among human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth of doing .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how their actions are their actions from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be haunted ?
How much does it use for an American <unk> or a Neil <unk> grapple with trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality gets closer .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , like always , from us .
Thank you .
And recently , I was to retire after 23 years of service in the California <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years ago , I spent the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known to the world by the beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's a magnet for suicide , being one of the most most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to test for suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical , no practical . ''
But from their openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped into death from that bridge .
Some of them believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension , this bridge has idealized as such , such that each of it gets you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body relies on the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impacts break bone , some of which <unk> <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones who do n't , normally they would be held in the water that were defenseless and then drowned .
I do n't think the ones that we were doing this method of suicide realizing that they 're going to be facing .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches parallel parallel .
This is where most people are taken to before they take their life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darkest moment , it 's very difficult to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an expert looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had a success day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who would attack suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year when I got a call from a single suicide subject sitting in the middle of the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking with an official Golden Gate officer .
Jason had only 32 years old , and I had flown over here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown over here twice before New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour , he talked to Jason , and he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> to Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
And she went out pests , sorrows , all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind , kind of kind of kind of kind of guy , smart , New Jersey boy had just got away life .
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , I did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , my family rabbi called me to see what I was .
Jason in Jason had been asked .
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people .
I pose these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone who loved suicide suicide ?
What would you say ?
You know what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to talk , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point that you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They 're going to save the person in front of her life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; they 're going to argue , to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- recent social insulation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read her his letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at TED .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing the more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to San Francisco to see the party of her father with the 19th of January .
It never got there .
I called the police police and has reported it as a disappeared night .
The next morning , two officials come to my house and told me that the car of Mike was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without suffering without suffering ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied a radio call by a possible suicide bomber on the sidewalk sidewalk near the north tower .
I led my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , they immediately cross the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next time and half the following , I heard as Kevin <unk> about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided that day to go back on that lane and give life a chance .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did they do they went back and gave us hope for hope and life ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I heard .
You stopped talking to you and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I would like to <unk> .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , I do n't erase the events of the 11 March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin when he only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits we would say , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's General Francisco Hospital that night , you 're <unk> like the patient .
`` Well , I did have to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active active .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing her own pain , robbery me the chance to meet you .
This is what suicide does .
For most suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurt another person .
They just want your own pain to end .
Usually it 's done only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved in , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One is Jason .
The other one was a man who spoke to him about an hour .
During that time , I 'd hold my hand on three occasions .
At the end , he looked at me , and he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we come to contact with in that bridge not suicide .
In addition , those few that have jumped from the bridge and lived , and you can talk about it , that one , or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one they leave next to the fence they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that all of us and each of us must work for .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you 're , and you know what you 're , and a question mark you : How do you become that ?
I should be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I finally had achieved the dream I had ever had since a girl .
My outside finally <unk> with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go past it later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you know , you get it .
But last October , I discovered I 'm just starting .
We all <unk> our families , our religion , our society , our time in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They 're people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I recorded as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I always wore this shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always get that shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
Gender has always been considered a unchanging event , but now we know that , actually , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never encouraged me to share my story , not because I think it 's bad , but how the world treats those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , dad and a family who accepted me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , the <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why are n't you involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for his tuition , she was responsible for costumes and costumes . And that night , he won in a <unk> suit , he won in a <unk> suit , and she was found in the third finalist between over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the <unk> world .
Not many people can say that their first job was from beauty of beauty , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more important than all of that , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , and he called me to San Francisco , and he told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later , he called me and said , `` Do you know that if you made the United States , you can change the name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two and my name .
She also accompanied me when I was operated in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , you need to have surgery before the name and gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with <unk> and the `` F . ''
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who she lived alive was his truth , but he <unk> , he put her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All of the 20th of November , we make a global waking day by <unk> 's Day .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who are <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are handsome Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there is no longer before 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You know , thank you first , thank you .
My own support network , my parents , especially my family , which itself is very strong .
I remember every time I 've been to young young trans women , who I 've funded , and sometimes , when they called me , and they told me that her parents could n't embrace it , and I took the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we were all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes a few times that stop , and there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
It should have insight .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal orthodox and tribal societies , the parents are generally known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for his daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when he was <unk> his efforts in 2011 , he gave the National Prize 's National Prize in peace , became very famous .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of inequality and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when at birth of a girl , their birth do n't celebrate .
It 's not welcome , not for her father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives the mother to mother and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother gets greatly overwhelmed by having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , they would fall down , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , you get home and the school admits of your siblings .
Up to age 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , he 's offered to get out of his house without a male feeding .
It 's confined to the four walls of your house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and his family , and if we were going to give you the code of that honor of that honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , it does n't only affect the lives of a girl , also affecting the lives of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of honor .
And there 's one more standard of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
It 's supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if he does n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If a young marry , they have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same kind of honor to his children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought about his name , and was fascinated with a feisty legendary <unk> in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I got a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half years old , he was <unk> in my school .
You might wonder , why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yeah , I should mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in tribal societies , in tribal societies , is a big event for the life of a child .
<unk> in a school means their identity recognition and his name .
An admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspiration where their potential can explore for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I <unk> the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that the value of my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'll sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
He dared to go with me at different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to lie on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school girls and boys alike .
I used education to the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we find a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all of political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
Little girls were banned .
The women were forced to use it , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and singers killed .
It was a few of them , but a few of them spoke , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper on the BBC blog , and he was offered her for the documentaries of the New York Times , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They become a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October 9 , 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was standing in between life and death , I whispered into my ear , `` I must blame him because what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , do n't bother you .
Let 's get the right cause .
<unk> your life in play by the cause of truth , for the cause of peace , and for the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and join you .
They were both on the right path and God protecting it . ''
These little words I had a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was in the hospital and had severe pain and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
He used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you sit on my face .
I 'll be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got it .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm very pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries when he did n't end up .
He 's fighting with her siblings , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold and brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm like , do n't ask me what I did .
It 's what I did .
I did n't cut his wings and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> in charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about here about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you running as smart or not ?
If you could n't be smart ?
And then of neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get a hold of them .
More than I 've been saved by a little bit .
But fortunately , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would be going to do that to try to get the <unk> dose , because it really does n't exist a clear map that I say to <unk> .
I started testing different mixes , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : For a few months , I tried a dose and chemical and chemists for a <unk> man , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met several guys like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so insecure , to fix a problem that was on the front , and just did n't happen that way .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and what they have to go through , and since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , and we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , was to get my intelligence back after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I usually think of almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing , new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like this .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I got to find the point , and I 've got tons of great <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated , <unk> sophisticated .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring these mental pictures , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use their imagination alone to direct the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music from his head ?
There 's amazing possibilities with this , like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two major groups in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scanning of that individual brain as I imagined , seeing that same picture .
The column on the right was created by the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost like .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine seeing that same picture is almost like .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube YouTube videos while they were tracking their brains to create a large pool of brain reactions to the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan came from .
The computer , using only the brain data of the scan of the scan , and I 'll show you what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the computer glasses , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create in the brain that is mapping .
This was done with the biggest resolution brain scanning systems available today , and the resolution was a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer myself to that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me , with the recent MRI result , first we need to ask the question , this technology is going to be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> only provide small improvement in resolution , not for thousands of us need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> and brilliant and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the radios and <unk> radio FM systems .
Instead of a magnetic field , instead of a magnetic field , we use bottom-up magnetic patterns to the FM radio frequencies .
So we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the reproductive radio processing , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using MRI , we should be able to measure not just blood blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I 've mentioned , and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep .
We will be able to put our ideas into a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and diseases .
We have little options than opening up this door .
Anyway , pick one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll tell you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet may be telling someone for the first time you love or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have to get through life .
So , every closet , it 's a tough conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of being lived and have come out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : Do n't <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be pending that through the <unk> of my pants pants , and I 'd hold my head a little bit , ask me a little kid , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be a uncomfortable silence at the table .
<unk> my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a breath .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and <unk> inside .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to come in full of the women 's issues at the table . I had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem 's dates .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' which showed .
So I took a deep breath and I went down my eyes a little girl , with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question , `` Are you a girl or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , I got squatting close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is a little bit confusing .
I 've got the short hair like the one of a boy , and I 've seen a girl clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a pink pajamas .
I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl stare at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest hard conversation ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how one feels like it feels in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
I 'm sure , I 'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet , it was harder to get out of their own , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared a broken banking is more difficult to tell him that he 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm a little bit harder to tell you about your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We should stop projecting what 's hard for us to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can feel security , or at least security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoe shoes .
I was not militant lesbian ready to fight against any child of four years into coffee .
I was frozen in the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay closet , and I 'll move just a muscle is the hardest thing I ever did .
My family , my friends , full strangers with whom I 've spent my entire life trying to do n't be disappointed , and now the world turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed for so long , but if you do n't raise that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of those guests knew that I was gay , and by making my Lady of honor of honor , in my black dress and a heels around the tables , and finally came around the tables and finally I knew a few years ago .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Did you know , were you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace and Grace .
And you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but waiting to show desperately his support to me to get me to know that I was on my side , she finally said to him in a nutshell , `` Well , sometimes my husband is using pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like you have all the launchers of grenades .
Of course , it could have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do struggle ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
It 's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong dot .
Ask about anyone who I had left .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> Girl .
Now please see this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be real .
Put your armor . Be you .
That little girl in the cafe did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . It just throws its patches .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If they say to their parents who might be gay , they would keep the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- Let 's ignore the complex .
You communicate their truth .
It would never be done by that .
And some of you may get wounded wounded , you know , <unk> them by what they 've done , but I never 'm sorry about what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you may be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you 're going to find in a dark closet , <unk> a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous <unk> quote that `` The question of whether a machine can think of it 's as interesting as the submarine question can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took on a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Take a step back .
First of all , we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth , no intelligence on Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about intelligence on Earth , you 're forced to develop a physical theory that explained how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that would destroy the surface of a mysteriously planet .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I did a number of years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , to a single underlying underlying intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accelerated , adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for developing states of universal states that will promote the diversity of future potential .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so by taking all of these different issues and I put them together , I asked , for a number of years , there is an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain open options , with a force T , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending time .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to be caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Are we at the level of human intelligence ?
<unk> artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> investigations in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' in their life should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that <unk> connection is between entropy and intelligence , <unk> a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy , but actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could go through multiple animal tests , playing human intelligence , and even winning money by trade money , all of that without them to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing without fall over , here we see <unk> balancing automatically to a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided that he was going to balance the pole .
This ability to balance is going to have applications for humanoid robotics and human technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can make a model version of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see successfully playing a pong game game against itself , giving them their potential for play .
So here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly out and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a airline fleet , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to extend globally , its scope to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in trouble with autonomous , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of actions , successfully increase the assets under its performance exponentially .
This risk of risk management will have huge applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all flow from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize your future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term `` robot , '' the work `` <unk> , '' and there was always the concept that if you were using intelligent machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
The machines are looking up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of romantic rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines are getting smart and then <unk> and that trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually rise directly to take control , rather than being upside down .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target .
They often ask me : How do you look for targets taking away from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope , which measures the dim light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the size size besides the distance there are between them and their star star .
In ensemble , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
At once , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potentially livable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest year record .
<unk> and ice ice that have been with us for thousands of years now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
So these environmental changes that we have caused global scale , they have rapidly displaced our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a climate scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing industry .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look more planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better about : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is little and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further away from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world that is shown this for a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the Mars atmosphere , trying to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
<unk> companies are now offering not only short space flights , but also the tantalizing chance of living on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places that are really <unk> in comparison with Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen that 's driven by our tropical forests thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets drag up with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief from some of Mars to be waiting for us to save ourselves from the only planet 's only planet that we know that is truly livable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like <unk> exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to apply to humanity , it 's like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the captain of the Titanic will have place later on the life of life . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and ground preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain livable spaces , in the hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment , the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked me , having in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence for the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations do become advanced enough to consider living in between the stars , lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only <unk> colonization will save us , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to match the hostile environments on Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm going to get my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , it could take a long time to get it , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend the night , because I had a flight early in Europe , and my passport and my suitcase .
They 're expensive , but certainly not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd like to stand up .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how your brain works under stress .
It takes cortisol that enhances your heart rate , you 'll take your adrenaline levels and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put it in place , that you can avoid happening bad things .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , which is going to give you the likelihood that it is a full catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts did n't .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed read him that he broke the window , and he had forgotten my passport , and he had forgotten my passport who had been practicing something called retrospect <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then tries to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the harm .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are apparent , some are not so apparent .
I 'm going to start with the obvious ones .
At the house , we 'll make a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good is where the fish are , which places the trees of <unk> , where tribes are in and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will spread in the London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and still they could find their nuts .
They did n't use the smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose your car keys , reading clothes and passports .
So at home , you 've got a place for your keys , a hook to the door , maybe a single plate plate .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your shoulder glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place , and you 're <unk> with it , you 'll always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of his credit card , license to drive , passport , <unk> them by email themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can facilitate the substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when it 's under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and we have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we all will be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm talking about a very particular medical condition .
But this is called a <unk> for all making of medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we need to take from the fact that would benefit from the facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a medication that will help you to reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and even you 're likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that 's supposed to ask for most physicians do n't want to talk , and the drug companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery on any medical procedure before it helps a person .
And should you think what kind of <unk> <unk> is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the doctor 's doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to try to do the most broadly prescribed , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is on the research of the <unk> researchers translating <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently by <unk> .
I myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack or stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic and it 's , `` <unk> of side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produce five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain and articulate , your GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent are n't very likely to happen to me , even like to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , under stress do n't think of clarity .
So , think about how to do this with the time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped it , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that will help you .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , is part of the principle of informed consent .
We have the right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take on the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number you need to try to do is quite typical .
For the surgery that the most is done in the older men in 50 , prostate cancer by cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
So it 's 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
They include impotence or erectile dysfunction , urinary urinary , bloody Hawaii , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can argue that we 're going to make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could be much pain towards the end ?
These are the things that you 're talking about and think about now , with your family and loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at the time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could get to be the lions lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are rejects .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
<unk> at the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination next to the door , with a key to the gate gate in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I have n't ordered , and a lot of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm achieving it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` Design '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means to play softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to play harder .
Two , even more smooth .
Four , <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of `` <unk> '' may have , never appealed to a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French signs came over the decade of 1800 , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and he developed the language that we know as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're actually in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a sound world , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , behavior , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
So I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do so much noise from eating the bag of chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
So I call this `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound , the sound that 's coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle and spots .
In deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to make the thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I just have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that gave me attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to protect me more from art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know that well that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it in a tactile way , or I can experience it <unk> , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught to me in the sound of sound , and I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I began to create a new body of work .
And when I introduced it to the art community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose that I 'm going to tell you .
There 's a massive culture around language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , in the eyes of society , it 's like I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
So I am able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with a lot of different performers .
And their voice becomes my voice and his identity .
They help me to be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for his voices , I 'm able to maintain a kind of temporary way of value , something like taking a very high interest rate .
If I wo n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could be able to hang on in oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with the sound like my new <unk> , <unk> in the world of music .
I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on paper .
And the same is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning of signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor for you to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you mapping a different parameter for every finger while you play the piano , like facial expression , the body movement , the shape , the shape of your hand and so , as you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're just going to keep you a key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need 10 fingers simultaneously , to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different parameters <unk> , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> stares .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I see <unk> through music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign , and they 'll get it over and again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes up and it gets .
This is `` all day . ''
If it 's <unk> and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel like the same thing can say , `` All night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more than the third two .
This represents how the time expressed in <unk> and how far the body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` do a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last . '' `` <unk> '' and the last , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at the same time , `` Once was . ''
Common Time is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times per compass .
However , when I see the word `` common weather '' I think automatically at the same time .
Watch <unk> : I hand , E : E , left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face 2 : <unk> , flashlight ] [ at ] chest : E , a flashlight , flashlight ] I 'm going to show you a shape of your hand called `` flashlight limb . ''
Can you do it with me ?
Everybody in high hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` common weather '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very good .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages around the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow stick with me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Look at how three signs are very similar . Everyone happens in their head and chest , but they 're transmitting very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start question what defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that they do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> . They do n't hear to learn to learn music .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents said , `` You can <unk> everything , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults also have to <unk> and that they 're not really good at cleaning the others from .
The time happened , now I 'm an adult and taught citizenship and invention in Hong Kong in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach , with lots of garbage .
So as a good citizen , cleaned up the beaches , and no , they 're not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but now more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And over the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky using those very large boats .
So with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table , so it <unk> so that the kids are very reluctant to participate in them .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect the plastic and we reduce the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get them into something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about the robots .
And then we created very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And turning light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board process is this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
We had this invention step in a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets to get it even more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , you get out the Internet , and you 're going through this picture .
A child , probably less than 10 years , washing an oil spill , only using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were shocked because this is the water you drink , it 's the water where you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil and oil also are brown , and when it all mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a high-pressure that can burning it through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor with a sensor and we send him to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , perhaps address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that started various giant waves , calls tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear station close to the water .
And today , according to the reports of an average of 300 tons , still out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone from the Japanese coast , and the majority of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and investigating other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take children .
Of course , we did n't take them , the parents did n't let it .
But every night we reported at the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did , because they 're going to have to live with his entire life .
Together with them , we discussed the data that we talked about that day and talk about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the kind of thing , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the plant of nuclear power .
We created the map of elevation , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and sprinkle water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that the yellow dust was filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized an civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to date .
We 're approaching it up to 1.5 miles of nuclear power , and with the fishermen 's help from the area , we were collecting <unk> sediments with a <unk> tracker as we invent and build .
Here 's a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been really exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it has been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the harm that we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should get the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's at the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost from everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , maker , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> , two cultures of radically opposite design .
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is imposes on the environment , the other creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross national marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
The <unk> was unique from Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smaller units of life , the cells , we carry all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by speeds of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have actually dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> in discreet parts .
But you do n't find <unk> material from nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You mostly act mainly as filter , the other mainly as barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes gradually its functionality through the variation of elasticity .
Here 's a divided display that represents my vision of the divided world , twice the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere and synthesis , is shown in both screens after me .
My job , at its simplest level , is about bringing these two visions of the world away from the assembly , moving away from the assembly .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines are born that offers access to the tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale arm , like this robotic arm with a sense of 24 meters in diameter with a <unk> base that one day not very far away , print whole buildings , and graphics on the nanoscale .
So here we have <unk> the jealous , a archetype of the old Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each aperture is about the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
<unk> with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and lap without seams between cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This hull combines <unk> and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical analytical and the synthetic instruments , allow us to design products that will be used not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair to both structural , comfortable , and also it absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire us , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , becomes <unk> .
They 're looking at this surface of 44 different properties , that vary stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the dots on the pressure on the human body .
Their surface , like in nature , varies not by addition to addition to other material or assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately to the material ownership .
But is it the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I did n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to be defined by what I care about .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made up trees with branches , cortex and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would the design would be if objects were made of one piece ? ''
Do you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of tree 's material <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million metric tons of organisms each year produce shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we could tune their properties , we could generate multifunctional structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> , and we asked a bunch of shrimp shrimp , the <unk> and we produced <unk> paste .
We went up with chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , smooth and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple frames of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material , and create these structures made of a single <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves dry them to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
They were the air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process that were used to contain microorganisms Anderson that first on the planet is three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> bacteria designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and make it in sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make its transition without problems of beam beams , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first life forms on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , and we 've transformed a structure made of <unk> in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , put on the sea , <unk> marine life ; and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration of design using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we have to master bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made by additive and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology like the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> precious metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We had our own 3D channels to control the flow of these crop bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , we combined two microorganisms .
The first one is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the ponds of freshwater .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One turns the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel which resembles the digestive tract , which will help that they flow these bacteria and that they would make their function of the way .
And so we began to grow those channels in the human body , we 're affecting the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we would make more transparent channels .
So this sort of digestive system , when it stretches out of one end to another , weighs 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our intestine .
And here it is , as you 're launching at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic channels , brilliant liquid channels in your clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're a <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if the design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that make matter alive ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that reinforces our skin , and we would reduce the damaged tissue and take our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of edit biology .
I call this stuff ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints out material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do it .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they are <unk> .
Online manufacturing is going on to this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first becomes in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts getting a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the line .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that they would be <unk> a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , composition , structure of the cocoon , <unk> directly through the environment .
It 's often <unk> silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that by designing these templates , we can shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot doing silk , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to go into more dark and cool areas , so we 've used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing silk worms to the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We do n't mean the silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after they feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get out with us .
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , lay eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the big integrity , and it was right .
When you get biological silk on <unk> <unk> , you give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , four hundred or three silk worms are 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here 's the two visions of the world .
A silk <unk> through a robotic arm , the other fills gaps .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings that surround us , to form a new ecology of two materials , the designers must bring together these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which has led to a design inspired in nature to a very inspired nature of design , which requires us , for the first time , to take care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time ?
You can <unk> them with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school I liked the English , <unk> and art and developing websites , I would play the guitar on a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for having dedicated time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with time this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it gets to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I was going through something else , something completely different , and I 'll let me absorb and feel `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all of my other passions , and <unk> them .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad in me was n't going to be done by anything .
I was concerned about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something I 'd like to ask for me then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned about the culture .
You ask , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
We 're about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger cute answers in the children like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be dancing . ''
Let 's give you the Halloween card here .
And this question is a question again , and again , as we grow up in various ways , it 's going to <unk> , to graduate students , they 're asking you to choose in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of the way that it takes us sleep .
Why ?
If this question inspires kids to dream about what they might be , not inspire to dream of everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , albeit good adults maybe laugh and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , converted to <unk> , an entrepreneur , a teacher and creative principal .
But most kids ca n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real vocation , the idea that each of us has something to engage in for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it .
But if you 're someone who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that he wants to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel it does n't have a target .
And you feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
An <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath so to say .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple and potential and <unk> .
You can also use some other terms that you 'll have the same idea , as scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's call it any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems like a kind of <unk> to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned from talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers <unk> .
One : The synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , to visualization data , travel , mathematics and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired <unk> jewels .
And <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of its merged mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these binary points .
The second <unk> superpower is learning fast .
When we were interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We 're looking at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it 's been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to each new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a full <unk> and an independent writer .
As a little kid refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I became a writer , he was a financial planner .
He had to learn the mechanics in the most fine sales when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling releases the editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . That is the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , designer pages , sometimes a Kickstarter consultant , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because a good job does .
He 's even more valuable because he can take into different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quick learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept at , and three skills that could lose whether they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging <unk> to themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say you 're , in your heart , specialists .
They <unk> from belly knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put into ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all be designing lives and careers that are <unk> in the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to <unk> them in a lot of people who are just encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you know , <unk> all the media .
That 's where you give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you 've just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those <unk> .
We 'll see intersections .
It turns out our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In the year '90s , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric protection in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember the most basic details of your life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but it would be inspired by it until , unfortunately , it passed away in 1906 .
After her death , he did an autopsy , and they found strange plates and winding in the <unk> brain , a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If I had been living today , we could n't give her it more help than he gave her 10-year-old years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
You 've found antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , drugs for HIV , <unk> for the <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of the treatment of Alzheimer 's .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think of this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million across the world .
But in 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , will include many of you .
If you expect to live up to the 85 or more , the chance for Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that they spend their years for Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or be dear to Alzheimer 's .
Already in America , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and your costs do n't need a five-meter increase in the year 2050 , as the boomers are older .
You may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death from everyone , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research itself .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should have : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , all of us , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy old brain compared to one patient 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleash a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage caused by Alzheimer 's disease reduces significantly life expectancy and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's encountered tectonics and strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up like an origami .
There are places on the paper that 's flat .
And when it folds right , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left outside .
This makes the molecules of protein <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and winding .
That 's what we see in the patient 's brain patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and identifying it to which step block is complex , like a bomb .
I could do nothing .
You can get the bomb to explode .
You have to find the right step that blocks , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in its most part , the wires have been reduced and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemistry , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now , you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our latest results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at a few videos of what happened when I test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have a molecules of protein that stick with each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and to cure .
After Mao years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have the most research , and poor pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat the cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , unseen victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , they 're often too much fun to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everyone with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change they need to themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help you demand a cure .
Thank you .
I posted this article in the column in the New York Times column , in January of this year .
For someone else , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to test myself myself a night last summer .
So , the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers were <unk> to make 36 questions more and personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would be ?
Number 28 : When was it last time you 'd put it on another person ?
And just ?
As it moves , these are increasingly personal and more personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like from him or she like , and I know pretty honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I first came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to try this study , with somebody I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to crush up .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I 'm sent to the column that Love Modern Modern a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you might probably be wondering : they go together yet ?
And the reason I think you 're hearing this is because you 've done this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the article would be published , I was really nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had taught me writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views .
And that 's a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called `` Today Today , '' `` Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the paper received over eight million visits , and I was , for saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about romantic experiences , but another thing is to find that the <unk> life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did first the same question : they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase , `` Are still still together ? ''
And several messages came down immediately .
They were from students and journalists and bizarre treat like this .
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked the question .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed until the stage , `` Hey <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should hope that people are comfortable wondering about it .
But I was n't prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have been living their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's article , that included the readers of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very confined to my own relationship .
I said not to every single question that we 're both making a public emergence together .
<unk> TV interviews , and he rejected the pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the icons of the <unk> process , and I think a range of that I did n't feel at all qualified at all .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce love <unk> , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , mostly , that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and then they would say ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the researcher 's goal was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach among college students , using what Aron called <unk> personal <unk> , progressive and reciprocal .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants felt more close to doing that . Several studies later , then they used <unk> <unk> protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between the police and community members , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me , and he said to me , `` I tried the study and did n't work worked . ''
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I : Do you want to say that you 'd get rid of the person who did it ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I : But got better friends ?
Did you feel feel better better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was almost all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or she could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And I did research all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could kind of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built myself with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and used to me .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence on demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably me can demand me .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved , even by the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some risk to implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because they fall in love with makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that we ask , is still together ?
And their content with an answer from yes or not .
So more than a question , would I say that asking more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How are you going to stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut away ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship , or even more , how do you live in your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known thing and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , fell in love , and we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But falling in love is not the same as staying in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> fall because we took the choice to be .
And so I wince reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be .
I did n't have to have a few times we would have both to make that decision , and how much times I 'm going to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose or not .
I want you to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions , have chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the final happy ending in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't really write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and the hope that he will love to love , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised in a full lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I was raised in the forest .
One of the New York City a time ago , a while ago , which really affected me , but more details later .
I 'm going to start with when I was eight .
I took a box of wood , and we had a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some weird humanoids or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from trip and do surf and all those weird stuff -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took it all the pages and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> style by Agnes Martin , <unk> covered .
Well , my mother is afraid to bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added the more resin on the canvas , thinking he could be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : In some ways it looked like it grew as big as it grew up as a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that was going to find out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things my life , trying to relate and storytelling about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized my God can draw in space .
I can roll out of them , I can draw the same way around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own specimens of specimens .
First , botanical -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I did some insects and strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , <unk> <unk> sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass glass , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , and I had these three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was largely inspired by the `` The Good garden '' in Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . Let 's get this piece .
It weighs 10,000 pounds .
Five feet long .
It 's <unk> , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the fish .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
This is where the animal heads are headed to the beacon , ready to kill them in mass mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a god 's a bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon , the <unk> platform of the <unk> bin Laden , the sanctuary of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds .
Your hands are like <unk> , and it seems a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the five-year-old .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have an nose , like a bird 's peak , and spit clouds from this nose .
It also has a half feet long , a tail of snake that joins the Baby .
Anyway , his tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why what happened .
Things around , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> balloon made from 1986 cards .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It takes me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each is an archive of our culture , through media and material , be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a form of a human form , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at a time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each is basically a microscope for a microscope that weighs 50 pounds with a human trapped inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the input .
I 'm going to join you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , sort of <unk> .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a writer , a radio tank , a museum , a school , a publishing arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world .
They put the box and all the people inside each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you exhale who it is and the box you 're living in .
And together we came together to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all really made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start sharing those things with sweetness , and graciously , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when the head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect against pain , first of all about your stomach , your bowels and other organs .
It 's going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug causing effect on the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that by <unk> any drug it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the number of viruses in the blood , and increase the <unk> cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time they take the blood stream to blood , they will be <unk> , and worse still for the time it takes to their destination , which is where it 's more important : the HIV storage .
These are regions of the body as the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily come into the blood stream of patients who are going to regulate medical therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is an oral treatment treatment .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the virus of the virus , without the risk of anti-malarial drugs ? ''
As a scientific scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery , you can use it for anything imaginable , including transportation transport .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which opens and closing almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You 'd say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a very powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser runs through the cell , whereas the cell is absorbed the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're now testing this technology in vitro or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' you can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the infection site .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it frees it directly into the infection site , while the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look like a lot .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to complete value of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying armed armed groups , armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to violent confrontation .
I do work work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding is key to these groups , to solve almost all conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors not .
For example , of the <unk> peace arrangements between 1975 , 2011 , <unk> had been signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we have to even engage them or engage them in any process of successful conflicts .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese , met by his violent kindness against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social service network and a military device .
Likewise , the Hamas Palestinian , met by their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip , since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shoot .
They 're multitasking .
And they <unk> a complex machine : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have proper magazine , print in English and published for recruitment .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising system without looting , but by using profitable business , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their money , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population to invest in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they set up professional training programs , or microfinance .
<unk> offers all of these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by providing something that the state does n't give : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped out of war , or even the beginning of ISIS 's ascent , can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated pediatric price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 , Palestinian Hamas ca n't understand the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They have grown because they were living gaps by the government , and they emerge as armed groups and political groups participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated organizations is these organizations , we can less <unk> as something other unlike a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They were part of a territory , they run all of their functions , they collect the garbage , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will be crushed .
We live in a world of states , of nations without state and hybrids , and the more the weaker states are the states , like in the Middle East , the more step in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more on <unk> tools .
We had this vacuum of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important as well to establish and put peace .
If we better understand the armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but not let us peace and stability .
To make these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I became a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call me the Bad <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had weird ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , angry with men and hated sex , as if that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are being treated all over the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people I 'd been using as a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and disgusting word .
I was amazed as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which begs too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman , and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I began to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same paycheck for the same job .
We have right to travel around the world as they are <unk> , free of bullying or violence .
We have right to use it in an easy way and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to keep our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender speech , religion and sexuality , and social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have to account for these differences , and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are apparent , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make it a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I work on work , I listen to rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women and she offends me deeply , the classic <unk> <unk> , from the Yin Yang , is incredible .
`` Do it reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> until the shell stops ! ''
Think about it .
Do you hate poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical likes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love magazines of fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's her choice , and I 'm not the person to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
And he was reminded of conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , in favor of white , white , middle-class women .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're doing perfection .
When we were <unk> , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider myself that pedestal before you try to put myself there .
So many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , because it 's afraid not to be able to fulfill a little bit realistic expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist champion .
In James <unk> 2014 , at MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' <unk> .
It was a great show , looking at this star of poo to embrace openly the feminism and to know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics began endless , whether it was a <unk> or not just feminist .
He turned his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need to be so freaking out .
We 're going far beyond sensible criticism and constructive , to get rid of the feminism of any woman , cools until there is nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to them , move to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists wo n't change their way to speak about women in their songs until they change change , affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two wonderful , wonderful girls , and also very brave . I want to grow up in a world .
It 's where you really appreciated it for the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within it as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio tags when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies elsewhere , when movies are n't treating women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their mates as a boxing nurse .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexual people can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your journal , participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't include a number of women , so to engage you like making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization , is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help be even more welcome as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision decision .
We 're not groupers <unk> . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our achievements will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , to the people in the power directors and movie and music producers and music , CEOs , legislators , people who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting , significant change .
We can also say , with courage , our feminism , good , bad , or anything .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist not at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because , my voice was stolen to me and Feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call this an incident to address what happened .
A few kids got me when I was very young , and I did n't know that boys can do this to a girl .
They treated me like anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I was looking at my voice , and after all I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And with that , I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope that we all can do the same thing .
I hope that all of us can be a little brave , when you need to be a bit of such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles had measles in California or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that was being even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and vaccines , and disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't it create most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is an stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world continue to pretend that vaccines will put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it creating their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable to only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> , as routinely as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostics , '' and `` better detection of cases , '' to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language does n't overcome a lot of the fear of a young mother who is looking for the face of their three-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had a scale , why were they so <unk> at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to find the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
During the most part of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same is having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published a paper that describes 11 young patients who seemed inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours waving their hands on their faces , but they were guilty of the panic when he did n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , stated that I 'd seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome while they would pick up from places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , I 'll give you that diagnosis of children with seizures , but now we know that the epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had turned nine out of every 10 children , they sent out by other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
It <unk> autism as a form of child psychotic and <unk> and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept a fridge carefully in a fridge that was n't <unk> .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like children were simply regurgitating out what they had heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , the cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers 's <unk> mothers was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as a Susie , without special education , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and her colleague Gould decided to do something that should have been 30 years before .
They launched a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
We had a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the model of <unk> was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were being reinvented in their fascination for astrophysics and on the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit beautiful pictures and <unk> , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't you realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a reference to a journal published in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but fortunately , the <unk> husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
Her author was a guy named Hans Asperger 's , who ran an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
Asperger 's idea for Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes , and the kids kept their games on Sundays in the afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that demanded compassionate forms of support and spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called her little teachers , and he started to help develop the methods of education that were especially suitable for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing array of gifts and disabilities .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum on pop culture , like the awkward social scientist and a professor at this time .
He was beyond even to say , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that <unk> was wrong that autism was <unk> , so the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Bankers Association to expand the diagnostic criteria that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes were in place , by the limited model of <unk> by a wide and inclusive model of Asperger 's .
These changes do n't fall off broken off .
I think , when <unk> and Judith worked in the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out of `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after haunting acts of Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The `` Rain Man '' in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses started rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected that this way to be able to get people with autism and their families finally getting the support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics , a simple , powerful , and seductive story credible as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic groups are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that these puzzles are to solve for the new breakthroughs , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social environments , and suffers from deficit deficit .
Certainly , autistic people have difficulty living in an <unk> world for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting Asperger 's , who believed that the cure for the most autism aspects to the most autism understanding are in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste waste to a brain .
Thank you .
